All the world may not love a lover but they will be watching him.
Character is who you are when no one is watching.
Pray for what you want, but work for the things you need.
Share your joys and sorrows with your family.
Sometimes the object of the journey is not the end, but the journey itself.
The essential conditions of everything you do must be choice, love, and passion.
Good health will be yours for a long time.
You are an exciting and inspiring person.
Struggle as hard as you can for whatever you believe in.
An angry man opens his mouth and shuts up his eyes.
Comfort zones are often expanded through discomfort.
A good time to finish up old tasks.
You will have a pleasant trip.
You will inherit a large sum of money.
Happy life is just in front of you.
It's all right to have butterflies in your stomach. Just get them to fly in formation.
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be granted.
You were born with a silver spoon in your mouth.
You will sleep well at night.
You love sports, horses, and gambling, but not to excess.
Friends long absent are coming back to you.
You could prosper in the field of medical research.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
You will have a bright future.
Your winsome smile will be your sure protection.
You are soon going to change your present line of work.
You look pretty.
Traveling this year will bring your life into greater perspective.
Find release from your cares. Have a good time.
You will enjoy good health; you will be surrounded by luxury.
God has given you one face, and you make yourselves another.
Practice makes perfect.
Your present plans are going to succeed.
A friend in the market is better than money in the purse.
Keep true to the dreams of your youth.
You have an important new business development shaping up.
Share your happiness with others today.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Ignorance never settles a question.
You will become more and more wealthy.
You will never be last in line. You will always excel!
You are heading for a land of sunshine.
The will of the people is the best law.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.
You are next in line for promotion in your firm.
Versatility is one of your outstanding traits.
The Chinese ancient civilization attracts you.
You will soon be honored by someone you respect.
An unexpected event will bring you riches.
Your life gains the stability you desire.
Some pursue happiness; you create it.
People are attracted by your delicate features.
Diligence is the mother of good nature.
There is something seeing and there is something being seen.
You're at that critical point; make that last push.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
You are on the verge of something big.
There is no time like the present.
You believe in the goodness of mankind.
Life to you is a dashing and bold adventure.
You love life very much.
Society prepares the crime; the criminal commits it.
Watch your relations with other people carefully, be reserved.
Wise men learn more from fools than fools from the wise.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
Enjoy what you have! Never mind fame and power.
A leader is powerful to the degree he empowers others.
Advice, when most needed, is least heeded.
No man is a failure who is enjoying life.
Progress always involves risk.
Open up your mind. Let your fantasies unwind.
One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
A faithful friend is a strong defense.
Believe it can be done.
Bide your time, for success is near.
As every thread of gold is valuable, so is every moment of time.
Allow your mind to absorb new knowledge.
The intention is not to see through people, but rather to see people through.
Wealth is not a matter of intelligence; it's a matter of inspiration.
You will have many important meetings, visits, and chance encounters.
You will make a name for yourself.
You will make many changes before settling satisfactorily.
All the answers you need are right there in front of you!
Better to face danger than be always in fear.
A smile is your personal welcome mat.
A new outlook brightens your image and brings new friends.
Keep your plans secret for now.
Lies and sorrow may float through the air, but truth and happiness live inside yourself.
You don't get in life what you want; you get in life what you are.
You begin to appreciate how important it is to share your personal beliefs.
Let the spirit of adventure set the tone.
Your career is moving more and more towards service to others.
You will soon be involved in many gatherings, parties and communications.
Your luck will be changed today.
Your careful nature will bring you financial success.
You are always entertaining and delightful.
With integrity and consistency, your credits are piling up.
Hone your competitive instincts.
Courage is the mastery of fear - not the absence of fear.
Constant grinding can turn an iron rod into a needle.
You may lack ambition, but not the ability to succeed.
Smile! A frown may turn others away.
You have a unique personality.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort.
Lady luck will soon visit you.
You will live a long, prosperous life.
Soon, you'll have a chance at a profitable transaction.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
The home is the chief school of human virtues.
The time has come to allow your heart to guide you.
Assert yourself, your ideas are worthwhile.
The smallest deed is better than the biggest intention.
The two hardest things to handle in life are failure and success.
To understand a man's mind, listen to his words.
Enjoy the lighter things in life, deeper joys will follow.
Before you receive, you must give.
An hour with friends is worth more than ten with strangers.
Advice is like kissing. It costs nothing and is a pleasant thing to do.
Any activity becomes creative when the doer cares about doing it right, or better.
A man can fail many times, but he isn't a failure until he gives up.
It is better to ask some questions than to know all the answers.
Impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools.
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years.
A lifetime friend shall soon be made.
A journey must begin with a single step.
Before you wonder, "Am I doing things right," ask "Am I doing the right things?"
Good luck is the result of good planning.
Patience is a key to joy.
A focused mind is one of the most powerful forces in the universe.
A good beginning is half the task.
Sometimes traveling to a new place leads to great transformation.
You will move to a wonderful new home within the year.
Hope is the most precious treasure to a person.
Don't be afraid to take that big step.
Everywhere you choose to go, friendly faces will greet you.
Failure is the mother of success.
Warning, do not eat your fortune.
Demonstrate refinement in everything you do.
Impossible standards just make life difficult.
A different world cannot be built by indifferent people.
Q: What is H2O? A: Caring, 2 parts Hug and 1 part Open-mind.
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
For true love? Send real roses preserved in 24 carat gold!
Fear is just excitement in need of an attitude adjustment.
The food here taste so good, even a cave man likes it.
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on spending.
Happiness isn't something you remember, it's something you experience.
Oops...wrong cookie.
The dream is within you.
Love is on its way.
Be direct, usually one can accomplish more that way.
Use your talents; that's what they are intended for.
The troubles you have now will pass away quickly.
See the light at the end of the tunnel.
Your dream will come true when you least expect it.
Don't "face" reality, let it be the place from which you leap.
Fortune smiles upon you today.
Believing is doing.
Your dynamic eyes have attracted a secret admirer.
You know where you are going and how to get there.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.
Your ability to pick a winner will bring you success.
Humor usually works at the moment of awkwardness.
Stop procrastinating - starting tomorrow.
Enthusiastic leadership gets you a promotion when you least expect it.
You love Chinese food.
You are far more influential than you think.
Adjust finances, make budgets, to improve your standing.
Happiness is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with it.
An understanding heart warms all that are graced with its presence.
Your co-workers take pleasure in your great sense of creativity.
You are one of the people who "goes places in life."
Others enjoy your company.
When in doubt, let your instincts guide you.
A cheerful message is on its way to you.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you tonight.
You can't go down the right path without first discovering the path to go down.
To courageously shoulder the responsibility of one's mistake is character.
The joyful energy of the day will have a positive affect on you.
You have a strong desire for a home and your family interests come first.
Dogs have owners, cats have staff.
Be patient; in time, even an egg will walk.
You are not a person who can be ignored.
You always know the right times to be assertive or to simply wait.
Reading to the mind is what exercise is to the body.
Eat something you never tried before.
Your life becomes more and more of an adventure!
You need to live authentically, and you can't ignore that.
Make all you can, save all you can, give all you can.
A well-aimed spear is worth three.
To build a better world, start in your community.
When you can't naturally feel upbeat, it can sometimes help to act as if you did.
May you have great luck.
A kind word will keep someone warm for years.
Nothing in the world is accomplished without passion.
Human invented language to satisfy the need to complain.
Accept what comes to you each day.
A small lucky package is on its way to you soon.
In human endeavor, chance favors the prepared mind.
Do not upset the penguin today.
Don't cry.
The best way to give credit is to give it away.
Anything you do, do it well. The last thing you want is to be sorry for what you didn't do.
Grant yourself a wish this year; only you can do it.
Love thy neighbor; just don't get caught.
You will be selected for a promotion because of your accomplishments.
There are many new opportunities that are being presented to you.
You will receive a gift from someone that cares about you.
You are not illiterate.
Love because it is the only true adventure.
Treasure what you have.
The greatest precept is continual awareness.
A new friend helps you break out of an old routine.
I have a dream...Time to go to bed.
Your skill will accomplish what the force of many cannot.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
The best is yet to come.
It is better to be the hammer than the anvil.
He who climbs a ladder must begin at the first step.
Action speaks nothing, without the motive.
Give yourself some peace and quiet for at least a few hours.
Live each day well and wisely.
Old dreams never die they just get filed away.
You can fix it with a little extra energy and a positive attitude.
Life is a verb.
A man without aim is like a clock without hands, as useless if it turns as if it stands.
Many folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Wow! A secret message from your teeth!
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.
The human spirit is stronger than anything that can happen to it.
You have a curious smile and a mysterious nature.
Your success will astonish everyone.
It is better to have a hen tomorrow than an egg today.
Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
Your hard work will get payoff today.
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
No matter what your past has been, you have a spotless future.
Your secret desire to completely change your life will manifest.
Soon you will be sitting on top of the world.
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.
A thrilling time is in store for you.
It's tough to be fascinating.
Soon life will become more interesting.
Luck sometimes visits a fool, but it never sits down with him.
Aren't you glad you just had a great meal?
Only talented people get help from others.
You will be successful in your work.
You will spend old age in comfort and material wealth.
When you're about to turn your heart into a stone remember: you do not walk alone.
You are vigorous in words and action.
The one who snores will always fall asleep first.
An alien of some sort will be appearing to you shortly!
Rest is a good thing, but boredom is its brother.
Do not be overly judgmental of your loved one's intentions or actions.
Think of how you can assist on a problem, not whom to blame.
The life of every woman or man&mdash;the heart of it&mdash;is pure and holy joy.
Take it easy.
Trust your intuition. The universe is guiding your life.
Use your head, but live in your heart.
Don't find fault, find a remedy.
It may be those who do most, dream most.
Your passions sweep you away.
Listen to yourself more often.
Think of mother's exhortations more.
The gambler is like the fisherman; both have beginner's luck.
You are given the chance to take part in an exciting adventure.
The simplest answer is to act.
Keep your feet on the ground even though friends flatter you.
You are the man of righteousness and integrity.
He who seeks will find.
The smart thing to do is to begin trusting your intuitions.
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you.
Pick a path with heart.
It takes more than good memory to have good memories.
Face facts with dignity.
Be calm when confronting an emergency crisis.
Do you believe? Endurance and persistence will be rewarded.
A new wardrobe brings great joy and change in your life.
Everyone agrees you are the best.
Everything will now come your way.
You will be called to fill a position of high honor and responsibility.
The eyes believe themselves; the ears believe other people.
Good beginning is half done.
It's the worst of times, you need to summon your optimism.
You are cautious in showing your true self to others.
Your ability to accomplish tasks will follow with success.
We all have extraordinary coded within us, waiting to be released.
Compassion is a way of being.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
The pleasure of what we enjoy is lost by wanting more.
Did you remember to order your takeout also?
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on that one thing.
Right now there's an energy pushing you in a new direction.
Everybody feels lucky for having you as a friend.
When the moment comes, take the top one.
Sometimes traveling to new places leads to great transformation.
There is always a way&mdash;if you are committed.
Life is too short to waste time hating anyone.
Don't just spend time, invest it.
Life always gets harder near the summit.
Take the chance while you still have the choice.
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
Enjoy life! It is better to be happy than wise.
To make the cart go, you must grease the wheels.
You are contemplating some action which will bring credit upon you.
Before you wonder "Am I doing things right?", ask "Am I doing the right things?"
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.
The big issues are work, career, or status right now.
Your emotional currents are flowing powerfully now.
Any decision you have to make tomorrow is a good decision.
Consume less. Share more. Enjoy life.
The secret of staying young is good health and lying about your age.
Spring has sprung. Life is blooming.
Go ask your mom.
The possibility of a career change is near.
The important thing is to never stop questioning.
Compassion will cure more than condemnation.
Excuses are easy to manufacture, and hard to sell.
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.
Listen to life, and you will hear the voice of life crying, Be!
Broke is only temporary; poor is a state of mind.
Here we go. "Moo Shu Cereal" for breakfast with duck sauce.
Teamwork: the fuel that allows common people attain uncommon results.
Hard words break no bones, fine words butter no parsnips.
We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.
You are offered the dream of a lifetime. Say yes!
Working out the kinks today will make for a better tomorrow.
Questions provide the key to unlocking our unlimited potential.
You will enjoy razor-sharp spiritual vision today.
The wise are aware of their treasure, while fools follow their vanity.
Well-arranged time is the surest sign of a well-arranged mind.
Never bring unhappy feelings into your home.
This is really a lovely day. Congratulations!
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
You are very grateful for the small pleasures of life.
Today, you should be a passenger. Stay close to a driver for a day.
Hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is only conquered by love.
Service is the rent we pay for the privilege of living on this planet.
Good clothes open many doors. Go shopping.
The leader seeks to communicate his vision to his followers.
Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance.
People who are late are often happier than those who have to wait for them.
Present your best ideas today to an eager and welcoming audience.
The time is right to make new friends.
You may be hungry soon; order a takeout now.
Do not hesitate to look for help, an extra hand should always be welcomed.
How can you have a beautiful ending without making beautiful mistakes?
Humor is an affirmation of dignity.
What's vice today may be virtue tomorrow.
You have an unusually magnetic personality.
You will travel to many places.
Accept yourself.
Be a generous friend and a fair enemy.
Never quit!
Old friends, old wines, and old gold are best.
Every friend joys in your success.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
You are a person of strong sense of duty.
Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so shall you become.
You have a quiet and unobtrusive nature.
Great thoughts come from the heart.
You love peace.
Judge not according to the appearance.
One who admires you greatly is hidden before your eyes.
Traveling more often is important for your health and happiness.
You will be sharing great news with all people you love
You have a reputation for being straightforward and honest.
You are always welcome in any gathering.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
Open up your heart; it can always be closed again.
Being happy is not always being perfect.
Next time you have the opportunity, go on a roller coaster.
Try everything once, even the things you don't think you will like.
Life is too short to hold grudges.
Dream your dream and your dream will dream of you.
Being alone and being lonely are two different things.
Tomorrow, take a moment to do something just for yourself.
Someone close to you is waiting for you to call.
A virtual fortune cookie will not satisfy your hunger like that of a home made one.
Smile. Tomorrow is another day.
You can never be certain of success, but you can be certain of failure if you never try.
It takes ten times as many muscles to frown as it does to smile.
Shoot for the moon! If you miss you will still be amongst the stars.
Keep your eyes open. You never know what you might see.
Tell them what you really think. Otherwise, nothing will change.
Let your heart make your decisions; it does not get as confused as your head.
Working hard will make you live a happy life.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
Prosperity is in your fortune.
Enthusiasm can change the current situation.
You are the master of every situation.
You have a lively family.
A balance is needed between home and business.
A carefree life will be yours.
A challenge is near.
A change of heart may lead to a new living environment.
A certain someone will appear who could enhance your life.
A companion is an added strength.
A distant romance will begin to look more promising.
A dramatic change of scenery is in store for you.
A financial venture will turn a profit sooner than expected.
A firm friendship will prove the foundation on your success in life.
A friend will be important to you & your forthcoming success.
A friend will bear great news.
A friend will soon bring you a present.
A girlfriend is like a bottle of wine, and a wife is like a wine bottle.
A good reputation is something to prize and cherish.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
A loved one's concerns are of utmost importance at this time.
A man with brown eyes has a surprise for you.
A messenger will soon bring good tidings.
A new approach will bring you greater career success.
A new chapter in your life is being written.
A newcomer in your life is becoming more important.
A newspaper item will soon happily affect you.
A package or letter is important to you tomorrow.
A partnership shall prove successful.
A personal relationship will become more fulfilling.
A refreshing change is in your future.
A resort area will be part of your next holiday plans.
A romantic interlude may have to be postponed.
A short stranger will soon enter your life.
A sudden change in plans will lead to good fortune.
A tantalizing new prospect will come your way.
A television program will give you great impetus.
A thing of beauty shall bring you great joy.
A thrilling time is ahead for you.
A trip by air is in your future.
A trip is in your future.
A very important personal discussion will take place today.
A windfall is coming for you.
A worthy cause will appreciate your generosity.
Accept no substitutes for that which is genuine.
Accept the next proposition you hear.
Achieving peace of mind is a most worthwhile goal.
Act now for good results in the spring.
Affairs of the heart shall bring you deep joy.
All facets of your life are looking up.
All goes well with your personal life.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
An accidental meeting will be to your advantage.
An appeal for some assistance may catch you off guard.
An important position shall soon be yours.
An important telephone call will soon be made to you.
An interesting project is pending.
An official document will arrive soon.
An old friend will be your source of strength.
An old friend will try to contact you.
An outgoing attitude is the key to your efforts.
An outstanding opportunity will soon present itself.
An unexpected call could be pleasing to a good friend.
Answer just what your heart prompts you.
At the end of the month you will gain more peace of mind.
Avoid taking unnecessary risks.
Back away from individuals who are impulsive.
Be assertive and you will win.
Be cautious at this time.
Be patient if some luxuries are not out of your reach.
Be receptive to making new friends today.
Be sympathetic and you will get a new insight in your dealings.
Behind every able man there are other able men.
Being on time will aid you to succeed this month.
Being the first to try something new could be great.
Brighter prospects can originate from a change of heart.
By next month, your added responsibilities will be alleviated.
Calm, poise & balance will help your life to flourish.
Catch up with various neglected chores.
Cherish home and family as a special treasure.
Children will contribute to your cheerfulness.
Children will play an important role in your life.
Clarity of mind helps in decision making.
Compassion is very much a part of you.
Concentrate on financial matters until the end of the month.
Confucius say, "Virgin like balloon; one prick, all gone."
Contact those who share your interest in a project.
Contentment will be your key to happiness.
Cope with current pressures without losing your cool.
Counting time is not as important as making time count.
Courage  and optimism are your best traits.
Deal only with firms of proven reliability.
Decide what you want and go for it.
Desires that are not extravagant will be granted.
Diversify your interests for fewer worries.
Don't be hasty; prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Don't forget, you are always on our minds.
Don't lose sight of what you want.
Don't steal, the government hates competition.
Doors shall soon open for you.
Easy times are ahead for you.
Energy will abound next month.
Enjoy the good luck a companion brings you.
Enjoy your good company, they are true friends.
Everything takes longer than you think.
Executive ability in your makeup will lead you to success.
Fall shall see all your cares and worries slip away.
Family relationships will improve with time.
Feelings of goodwill to all should lighten your mood.
Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs.
Financial security is just around the corner.
Financial success is on your doorstep.
Find some time to look up some older relatives.
Find the road to your happiness by helping others.
Follow the advice of your heart.
Follow your instincts, they are valid.
Following inner promptings brings quiet accomplishment.
Fortune is on your side. Play it for all it's worth.
Fortune smiles upon you at this time.
Fruits of your labour will be rich and sweet indeed.
Fun and excitement will soon be yours.
Functioning superbly will come automatically to you.
Get to the nitty-gritty of things in all dealings.
Get together with associates for beneficial decisions.
Get your schedule into a shape you can manage easily.
Give it time and it will work out.
Give time and thought to everything you do.
Give your business interests top priority next month.
Give your undivided attention to things that are basic.
Go easy, be moderate and patient.
Golden investment opportunities are arising.
Good common sense will help you master life.
Good fortune will soon find you.
Good news is on the way.
Good news will come to you from far away.
Good things are said about you.
Good things come in small packages.
Great thoughts will come from the heart.
Happy events will take place shortly in your home.
Heaven will rain success on you.
Home entertainment ought to be extra successful now.
Ideas are like children; there are none so wonderful as your own.
If bargain hunting, be practical.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be orgasmic.
If planning study or training, now is the time to go ahead.
If you have any doubts at all, hold off on decisions.
If you have money in hand, spend it on improving yourself.
If you work seriously, you will succeed.
Important associates will be there for you if needed.
Important decisions must be made, don't avoid making them.
Important news about your job will come soon.
Indulge your ambitious nature.
It will take maturity and compromise to manage.
Joint ventures work out better than going it alone.
Joy will come with the return of a dear friend.
Judge one not by his charms, but by his qualities.
Keep a 'go-for-it' attitude and you are sure to be a winner.
Keep expectations reasonable.
Let intuition rule this month, and you will find success.
Let no one cause you to violate your principles.
Life is not a struggle, it's a wiggle.
Life will shower happiness upon you.
Look deeply within to root out negative attitudes.
Look for a priceless bit of news from a loved one.
Look for new outlets for your own creative abilities.
Look for some bargains this month.
Look to the coming month for a solution to your problem.
Love begets love.
Listen to your intuition this month.
Love is like wildflowers; it is often found in the most unlikely places.
Love is the triumph of "horny" over "smart".
Luck begins to soar as high as your ambition.
Luck is on your side if you have patience.
Luck is on your side this month.
Luck will soon visit you.
Luck will visit you on the next new moon.
Luck with your job and money will put you into good humour.
Make allowances for exaggeration on someone's part.
Make no rash moves for now.
Make the most of a period of relative peace and harmony.
Make two grins grow where there was only a grouch before.
Make up your mind and do what you want to do.
Make use of whatever advanced technology is available.
Make way for new career decisions.
Many a false step is made by standing still.
Many ideals are becoming real.
May life throw you a pleasant curve.
Minimize expectations to avoid being disappointed.
Moneywise, you are lucky this month.
More money and travel is in your future.
Move slowly but surely to success.
New financial resources will soon become available to you.
Next month will be a special month for you.
Next month will be hectic, yet delightful.
Next month will prove to be pivotal in your life.
Next week you should unveil your idea. Be ready to act.
Next month you will be a big hit socially.
Now is a good time to start something new.
Now is the time.
Now is the time to depart from your regular routine.
Now is the time to enjoy trying something new.
Now is the time to resolve all unfinished business.
Now is the time to set priorities.
Now is the time to set your sights high and go for it.
Now is the time to try something new.
Old acquaintances are important this week.
On the first week of the next month do something just for you.
Opportunities to shine in your career will materialize soon.
Optimism & versatility are your strengths.
Others' thought waves are easy to tune into now.
Past inspirations & experiences will be helpful in your job.
People will listen to you and could be willing to help.
People you deal with will be more co-operative than usual.
Persistence will lead to a promotion soon.
Play it safe next month, and it will be a great one.
Prosperity & love are in reach.
Recreational interests may command your attention.
Re-decorating will be in your plans.
Relax and concentrate on your career plans.
Relax and romance will flourish.
Relax and spend some time with a loved one.
Rely on long time friends to give you advice.
Research shall bring considerable success with great results.
Resist a temptation to take shortcuts of any kind.
Revisit old friends, it has been far too long.
Romantic interests will improve if you make the next move.
Rough times are now behind you.
Saturday night promises great excitement.
Seek to establish your inner sense of serenity.
Seize the day. Fortune says you can have it all.
Sensitivity makes you special, but also makes you vulnerable.
Seven & eight are significant numbers for you.
Sing and rejoice; fortune is smiling upon you.
Simplicity & clarity in dress will draw desired eyes your way.
Socially, you will be involved with an enjoyable event.
Solutions will come to you while you are walking.
Someone close to you will show you the way.
Someone will look to you for help and advice.
Something truly delightful awaits you.
Soon a stranger shall enlighten you.
Soon you will encounter a whole new world of opportunity.
Speed is no substitute for accuracy.
Step by step you will ascend the staircase to success
Stick to one thing, and all will come.
Striving for the best will bring you the best.
Success is a sure thing.
Success is yours if you continue on the path you have chosen.
Take a break from your usual routine & enjoy yourself.
Take charge of your own life and decisions.
Take pains to prevent getting completely exhausted.
Take steps now to ensure success.
Tasks where skill is essential may be accomplished.
That long-sought opportunity will soon arise.
The answer to your problem will soon be obvious to you.
The art of keeping secrets will be your key to success.
The beginning of wisdom is to desire it.
The cautious seldom make mistakes.
The colour red will be important to you.
The current year will bring you great/much happiness.
The evening promises romantic interests.
The full moon sees an increase in status or income.
The glitter of gold will brighten your skies.
The joys of leisure time will be yours.
The last wish you made will come true.
The longest journey is started by a single step; take it.
The new moon will bring pleasant surprises.
The project that you have in mind now gains momentum.
The rainbow treasures will soon belong to you.
The respect & help of influential people will soon be yours.
The sky's the limit this month.
The social scene will be a lot more fun today.
The star of riches is shining on you.
The strengths in your character will bring you serenity.
The tide of change approaches.
The time is suitable for long-range plans and goals.
The weekend ahead predicts enjoyment.
The wisdom of knowing when to speak will bring you respect.
The world will soon be ready to receive your talent.
There are good times ahead for you.
There is a tendency to carry activities too far.
There is new hope for projects you had almost given up on.
There will be a change in plans this weekend.
This is a good day to get things done that require expertise.
This is a good time to finish up old tasks.
This is a month of opportunities, but you must stay alert.
This is the perfect weekend to break routine.
This time is suitable for long-range plans and goals.
To get what you want, you must commit yourself for some time.
To reach distant places, one has to take the first step.
Today is a lucky day for those who remain cheerful and optimistic.
Today will be lucky and memorable for you.
Traveling down south will lead you to unexpected happiness.
Trust him, but still keep your eyes open.
Try to resolve contradictory issues with reason.
Tuesday is an especially important day for you.
Tuesdays & Thursdays stack odds in your favour.
Unplanned activities will be the most satisfying.
Use your ingenuity for unqualified success.
Utilize your talent for getting things organized.
Valuable information will be supplied by a child.
Wednesday is the day to make your move.
Welcome affectionate gestures from friends or lovers.
When the daffodils bloom, so will great joy in your life.
When time permits, your personal life will be exciting.
When winter comes, heaven will rain success on you.
With renewed energy, accomplish what you can.
You always know when to be kind and when to be assertive.
You and your loved ones will be happy in your life together.
You and your partner will be happy in your life together.
You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.
You are a person of culture.
You are a poor, pathetic, gullible fool who seeks advice from bakery products.
You are a practical person with both feet on the ground.
You are about to make a most valuable discovery.
You are deeply attached to your family and home.
You are extremely generous and always thinking of others.
You are heading for a land of sunshine and fun.
You are heading in the right direction.
You are kind and trustworthy by nature.
You are mentally alert. Put your mind to good use.
You are next in line for promotion.
You are no doubt obligated to do the proper thing.
You are one of the people who will go places.
You are prompted to set new goals & discover new desires.
You are sensitively tuned-in to loved ones creative talents.
You are the centre of attention.
You can be lucky today regarding your creative talents.
You can be lucky today regarding your romantic aspirations.
You can go ahead with a scheme long under discussion.
You can go ahead with your new ideas.
You can plan now with confidence.
You can solve your problem if you exert yourself.
You deserve respect and will eventually get it.
You have a friendly heart and will be admired.
You have all the assistance and luck this month to succeed.
You have an ambitious nature and will make a name for yourself.
You have an important new venture shaping up.
You have artistic talent; do something creative.
You have found good company; enjoy.
You have got a way with words; maximize on it.
You have the ability to touch many people.
You shall attain great wisdom with the passing years.
You shall know good fortune in the very near future.
You shall soon achieve perfection.
You shall soon be rewarded for your endeavors.
You shall soon gain the attention of those who count.
You shall soon make a long overdue personal decision.
You were born with the skill to easily communicate with people.
You will be a contest winner.
You will be deeply loved.
You will be delighted by an unexpected gift.
You will be drawn to the glamour of the stage.
You will be fortunate in everything you put your hands to.
You will be happy in life.
You will be honoured.
You will be in the best position.
You will be inspired to new heights of accomplishment.
You will be showered with good luck.
You will be socially successful.
You will be successful in any gathering.
You will be successful in competitive sports.
You will be the centre of a special group's attention.
You will be the guest of a gracious host.
You will benefit immediately if you co-operate for now.
You will dance to a different beat next summer.
You will discover a new area of interest.
You will discover your hidden talents.
You will do well when you expand your horizons.
You will find excitement in your working life.
You will find Monday an especially important day.
You will find much fulfillment with someone special very soon.
You will find security in being with a loved one.
You will get comfort from a new relationship.
You will get the practical help you have been seeking.
You will give some thought to a different lifestyle.
You will have a close encounter of a serious kind.
You will have an enjoyable experience.
You will have an important decision to make next month.
You will have good luck and overcome any hardships.
You will have many friends when you need them.
You will help someone in need.
You will lead a happy life.
You will live a long, happy life.
You will make a profitable investment.
You will make a profitable transaction next month.
You will make exciting holiday plans.
You will master any feeling of inadequacy you may be having.
You will need good reading material in approximately 15 minutes.
You will obtain your goal if you maintain your course.
You will overcome your inhibitions.
You will prosper in the field of entertainment.
You will see success ahead; more money is in prospect.
You will shine at some civic function.
You will soon be blessed with unexpected good luck.
You will soon be confronted with limitless opportunities.
You will soon be honoured by someone you respect.
You will soon be in the limelight.
You will soon be very proud of someone close to you.
You will soon experience great happiness.
You will soon face something new and exciting.
You will soon find something lost long ago.
You will soon receive an invitation to a sporting event.
You will soon receive very special attention.
You will take a chance in something in the near future.
You will take a chance in the near future and win.
You will touch the hearts of many with your gift.
You will travel far and wide for both business and pleasure.
You will try something new.
You will win favours when you expand your social circle.
You will witness a special ceremony.
You would be wise not to seek too much from others at this time.
You would be wise to postpone changes until next month.
Your ability to listen makes you wise.
Your ability to love will help a child in need.
Your ability to share will help someone in need.
Your anxieties are beginning to clear.
Your appreciation of the arts will bring new opportunities.
Your belief in the goodness of mankind will be rewarded.
Your biggest problem will soon be solved.
Your charm and courtesy will be advantageous to your goal.
Your command of the language will open doors for you.
Your concept of handling funds requires review.
Your dearest wish will come true.
Your deepest desires will be granted.
Your dream-maker is making your ideals real.
Your efforts will be well rewarded. Be patient.
Your efforts will pay off.
Your empathy will help someone out of a difficult situation.
Your experience will help a friend make it to the top.
Your expressiveness will bring new opportunities.
Your fantasy will come true.
Your financial outlook is excellent.
Your friends will be generous with invitations.
Your future is as boundless as the lofty heaven.
Your future looks very promising.
Your future will be happy and productive.
Your genuine talent will find its way to success.
Your good listening skills will open many doors to you.
Your good nature will bring you unbounded happiness.
Your hard work will soon show results.
Your home is a pleasant place from which you draw happiness.
Your honesty will be recognized.
Your job needs more concentration. Success will be achieved.
Your keen sense of humour will make you many good friends.
Your kindness to others shall be returned to you threefold.
Your kindness will lead you to success.
Your labours will bear sweet fruit.
Your life will be filled with sunshine.
Your life will be full of true friendships.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
Your love of peace will affect the course of events.
Your love of sports will bring a change in your life.
Your loyalties are clear when it comes to friends.
Your loyalty shall be rewarded.
Your luck will be good today.
Your luck will soon be at a high.
Your magnetic personality will draw people to you.
Your mastery of every situation will soon prove very important.
Your mind, being creative and original, will make you famous.
Your most difficult problems will soon be nothing.
Your next important purchase will be a bargain.
Your originality will be rewarded.
Your partner will be proud of you.
Your path is difficult, but will be amply rewarded.
Your reputation for being honest will bring rewards.
Your search for knowledge will lead you to high places.
Your secret venture will work out brilliantly.
Your self-confidence is warranted.
Your self-reliance will solve most of your own problems.
Your self-restraint will pay dividends.
Your senior years will be happy & successful.
Your sense of humour will ensure your success.
Your sense of humour will be your key to success.
Your silence at this time is important.
Your social life could be very glamorous and rewarding now.
Your strong principles will lead you to happiness.
Your talents are in fine shape; utilize them to their fullest.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Your talent will bring joy to many people.
Your talents will soon be recognized.
Your understanding will help a friend in need.
Your venture will be a success.
Your wisdom shall bring you much respect in later years.
Your wit will lead you into a very interesting situation.
Your worries shall soon be dispelled.
He who throws dirt is losing ground.
A woman who seeks to be equal with men lacks ambition. Ouch!!!
The greatest danger could be your stupidity.
He who laughs last is laughing at you.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
A cynic is only a frustrated optimist.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind, and won't change the subject.
The world may be your oyster, but it doesn't mean you'll get its pearl.
Flattery will go far tonight.
Our first and last love...is self love.
You were born with the skill to communicate with people easily.
You are talented in many ways.
Any rough times are behind you.
Grand adventures await those who are willing to turn the corner.
The smart thing is to prepare for the unexpected.
There is yet time enough for you to take a different path.
You are very expressive and positive in words, act and feeling.
A scholars ink lasts longer than a martyrs blood.
Funny thing about humility. Just when you think you've got it, you've lost it.
Little and often makes much.
The days you work are the best days.
The hard times will begin to fade, joy will take their place.
The first step to better times is to imagine them.
When you speak honestly and openly, others truly listen to you.
It doesn't matter. Who is without a flaw?
It is much wiser to take advice than to give it.
A thrilling time is in your immediate future.
The skills you have gathered will one day come in handy.
Every excess becomes a vice.
Keep in close touch with what your competition is doing.
You can always find happiness at work on Friday.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
You will have gold pieces by the bushel.
Put the data you have uncovered to beneficial use.
Your past success will be overshadowed by your future success.
Skill comes from diligence.
Don't forget to do good deeds as you accumulate wealth.
Your money worries are over! Your new job will bring you a huge increase in income.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
Consolidate rather than expand business projects in the near future.
Delay is the antidote for anger.
Get ready! Good fortune comes in bunches.
None of the secrets of success will work unless you do.
You will be wise not to seek too much from others.
There is a true and sincere friendship between you and your friends.
You find beauty in ordinary things, do not lose this ability.
Your blessing is no more than being safe and sound for the whole lifetime.
Plan for many pleasures ahead.
The joyfulness of a man prolongeth his days.
Something you lost will soon turn up.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Excitement and intrigue follow you closely wherever you go!
As the purse is emptied the heart is filled.
Be mischievous and you will not be lonesome.
Your flair for the creative takes an important place in your life.
Your artistic talents win the approval and applause of others.
Your greatest fortune is the large number of friends you have.
Don't ask, don't say. Everything lies in silence.
Be prepared to accept a wondrous opportunity in the days ahead!
Fame, riches and romance are yours for the asking.
Good things are being said about you.
Smiling often can make you look and feel younger.
Someone is speaking well of you.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
A member of your family will soon do something that will make you proud.
A quiet evening with friends is the best tonic for a long day.
A single kind word will keep one warm for years.
Anger begins with folly, and ends with regret.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Happy news is on its way to you.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
Let there be magic in your smile and firmness in your handshake.
Nature, time and patience are the three best physicians.
Strong and bitter words indicate a weak cause.
You will have a very pleasant experience.
You will step on the soil of many countries.
Your everlasting patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Your great attention to detail is both a blessing and a curse.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
A friend asks only for your time, not your money.
You will be invited to an exciting event.
A warm smile is testimony of a generous nature.
A secret admirer will soon send you a sign of affection.
Love asks me no questions, and gives me endless support. --Shakespeare
Love is for the lucky and the brave.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
If you want the rainbow, you must put up with the rain. --Dolly Parton
If you would be loved, love and be lovable.
The one you love is closer than you think.
Love always and deeply.
Your heart will always make itself known through your words.
We cannot do great things; only small things with great love. --Mother Teresa
Love is like wildflowers...it is often found in the most unlikely places.
Love is the only medicine for a broken heart.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. --H.L. Mencken
Much more grows in the garden than that which is planted there.
Only love lets us see normal things in an extraordinary way.
The greatest gift is love.
There is no limit to love's forbearance, to its trust, its hope, its power to endure.
Those who have love, have wealth beyond measure.
To love is to forgive.
Hearts are not to be had as a gift, hearts are to be earned. --W.B. Yeats
Your heart is a place to draw true happiness.
Love conquers all.
Count your blessings by thinking of those whom you love.
"Welcome" is a powerful word.
A dubious friend may be an enemy in camouflage.
A feather in the hand is better than a bird in the air.
A fresh start will put you on your way.
A gambler not only will lose what he has, but also will lose what he doesn't have.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
A light heart carries you through all the hard times.
A new perspective will come with the new year.
A person is never too old to learn.
A person of words and not deeds is like a garden full of weeds.
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.
A smooth long journey! Great expectations.
A soft voice may be awfully persuasive.
A truly rich life contains love and art in abundance.
Accept something that you cannot change, and you will feel better.
Adventure can be real happiness.
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
All will go well with your new project.
Allow compassion to guide your decisions.
An agreeable romance might begin to take on the appearance.
An important person will offer you support.
An inch of time is an inch of gold.
Be careful or you could fall for some tricks today.
Beauty in its various forms appeals to you.
Because you demand more from yourself, others respect you deeply.
Believe in yourself and others will too.
Better ask twice than lose yourself once.
Carve your name on your heart and not on marble.
Change is happening in your life, so go with the flow!
Competence like yours is underrated.
Congratulations! You are on your way.
Could I get some directions to your heart?
Courtesy begins in the home.
Courtesy is contagious.
Curiosity kills boredom. Nothing can kill curiosity.
Dedicate yourself with a calm mind to the task at hand.
Depart not from the path which fate has you assigned.
Determination is what you need now.
Disbelief destroys the magic.
Distance yourself from the vain.
Do not be intimidated by the eloquence of others.
Do not let ambitions overshadow small success.
Do not make extra work for yourself.
Do not underestimate yourself. Human beings have unlimited potentials.
Don't be discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
Don't confuse recklessness with confidence.
Don't just think, act!
Don't let friends impose on you, work calmly and silently.
Don't let the past and useless detail choke your existence.
Don't let your limitations overshadow your talents.
Don't worry; prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Each day, compel yourself to do something you would rather not do.
Education is the ability to meet life's situations.
Emulate what you admire in your parents.
Emulate what you respect in your friends.
Every flower blooms in its own sweet time.
Every wise man started out by asking many questions.
Everyday in your life is a special occasion.
Failure is the chance to do better next time.
Feeding a cow with roses does not get extra appreciation.
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love.
Fortune Not Found: Abort, Retry, Ignore?
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.
From now on your kindness will lead you to success.
Get your mind set...confidence will lead you on.
Go take a rest; you deserve it.
Good news will be brought to you by mail.
Good news will come to you by mail.
Good to begin well, better to end well.
Happiness begins with facing life with a smile and a wink.
Happiness will bring you good luck.
Have a beautiful day.
He who expects no gratitude shall never be disappointed.
He who knows he has enough is rich.
Help! I'm being held prisoner in a chinese bakery!
How you look depends on where you go.
I learn by going where I have to go.
If a true sense of value is to be yours it must come through service.
If certainty were truth, we would never be wrong.
If you look in the right places, you can find some good offerings.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
If your desires are not to extravagant they will be granted.
In order to take, one must first give.
In the end all things will be known.
It could be better, but it's good enough.
It is better to deal with problems before they arise.
It is honorable to stand up for what is right, however unpopular it seems.
It is worth reviewing some old lessons.
It takes courage to admit fault.
It's time to get moving. Your spirits will lift accordingly.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will never see shadows.
Let the world be filled with tranquility and goodwill.
Listen not to vain words of empty tongue.
Listen to everyone. Ideas come from everywhere.
Living with a commitment to excellence shall take you far.
Love is a warm fire to keep the soul warm.
Love is like sweet medicine, good to the last drop.
Love lights up the world.
Love truth, but pardon error.
Man is born to live and not prepared to live.
Many will travel to hear you speak.
Meditation with an old enemy is advised.
Miles are covered one step at a time.
Never fear! The end of something marks the start of something new.
New ideas could be profitable.
New people will bring you new realizations, especially about big issues.
No one can walk backwards into the future.
Now is a good time to buy stock.
Now is the time to go ahead and pursue that love interest!
Others can help you now.
Pennies from heaven find their way to your doorstep this year!
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on saving.
Physical activity will dramatically improve your outlook today.
Place special emphasis on old friendship.
Protective measures will prevent costly disasters.
Remember to share good fortune as well as bad with your friends.
Rest has a peaceful effect on your physical and emotional health.
Resting well is as important as working hard.
Romance moves you in a new direction.
Savor your freedom -- it is precious.
Say hello to others. You will have a happier day.
Self-knowledge is a life long process.
Sloth makes all things difficult; industry all easy.
Small confidences mark the onset of a friendship.
Someone you care about seeks reconciliation.
Stand tall. Don't look down upon yourself.
Stop searching forever, happiness is just next to you.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Take care and sensitivity you show towards others will return to you.
Take the high road.
The austerity you see around you covers the richness of life like a veil.
The best prediction of future is the past.
The change you started already have far-reaching effects. Be ready.
The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell.
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
The night life is for you.
The one that recognizes the illusion does not act as if it is real.
The only people who never fail are those who never try.
The person who will not stand for something will fall for anything.
The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.
The saints are the sinners who keep on trying.
The secret to good friends is no secret to you.
The small courtesies sweeten life, the greater ennoble it.
The strong person understands how to withstand substantial loss.
The sure way to predict the future is to invent it.
The truly generous share, even with the undeserving.
The value lies not within any particular thing, but in the desire placed on that thing.
The weather is wonderful.
There is no mistake so great as that of being always right.
There is no wisdom greater than kindness.
There is no greater pleasure than seeing your loved ones prosper.
There's no such thing as an ordinary cat.
Those who care will make the effort.
Time and patience are called for; many surprises await you!
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time
To know oneself, one should assert oneself.
Today is the conserve yourself, as things just won't budge.
Today, your mouth might be moving but no one is listening.
Tonight you will be blinded by passion.
Use your eloquence where it will do the most good.
Welcome change.
Well done is better than well said.
What's hidden in an empty box?
What's yours in mine, and what's mine is mine.
When your heart is pure, your mind is clear.
Wish you happiness.
You always bring others happiness.
You are a person of another time.
You are a talented storyteller.
You are admired by everyone for your talent and ability.
You are almost there.
You are busy, but you are happy.
You are generous to an extreme and always think of the other fellow.
You are going to have some new clothes.
You are in good hands this evening.
You are open-minded and quick to make new friends.
You are solid and dependable.
You are working hard.
You desire recognition and you will find it.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You have a friendly heart and are well admired.
You have a shrewd knack for spotting insincerity.
You have a yearning for perfection.
You have an active mind and a keen imagination.
You have exceeded what was expected.
You have the power to write your own fortune.
You have yearning for perfection.
You love challenge.
You make people realize that there exist other beauties in the world.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
You seek to shield those you love and like the role of provider.
You understand how to have fun with others and to enjoy your solitude.
You will be a great success both in the business world and society.
You will be blessed with longevity.
You will be unusually successful in business.
You will become a great philanthropist in your later years.
You will enjoy good health.
You will find great contentment in the daily, routine activities.
You will have a fine capacity for the enjoyment of life.
You will make change for the better.
Your abilities are unparalleled.
Your ability is appreciated.
Your biggest virtue is your modesty.
Your character can be described as natural and unrestrained.
Your difficulties will strengthen you.
Your dreams are never silly; depend on them to guide you.
Your dreams are worth your best efforts to achieve them.
Your energy returns and you get things done.
Your first love has never forgotten you.
Your happiness is before you, not behind you! Cherish it.
Your home is the center of great love.
Your ideals are well within your reach.
Your infinite capacity for patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Your leadership qualities will be tested and proven.
Your life will get more and more exciting.
Your love of music will be an important part of your life.
Your loyalty is a virtue, but not when it's wedded with blind stubbornness.
Your mind is your greatest asset.
Your quick wits will get you out of a tough situation.
Your work interests can capture the highest status or prestige.
Do not be afraid of competition.
An exciting opportunity lies ahead of you.
Sell your ideas; they have exceptional merit.
You are kind and friendly.
You are wise beyond your years.
A routine task will turn into an enchanting adventure.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend.
Goodness is the only investment that never fails.
Forget injuries; never forget kindnesses.
Respect yourself and others will respect you.
A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. -- Mark Twain
It is easier to stay out than to get out.
Sing everyday and chase the mean blues away.
You will receive money from an unexpected source.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Experience is the best teacher.
You will be happy with your spouse.
Expect the unexpected.
Stay healthy. Walk a mile.
The family that plays together stays together.
Eat chocolate to have a sweeter life.
Once you make a decision the universe conspires to make it happen.
Make yourself necessary to someone.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Dance as if no one is watching.
Live this day as if it were your last.
Reach for joy and all else will follow.
Move in the direction of your dreams.
Bloom where you are planted.
Appreciate. Appreciate. Appreciate.
Happy news is on its way.
Borrow money from a pessimist. They don't expect it back.
Life is what happens to you while you are busy making other plans.
Help! I'm being held prisoner in a fortune cookie factory.
Paradise is always where love dwells.
In dreams and in love there are no impossibilities.
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.
True love is not something that comes everyday, follow your heart, it knows the right answer.
Advice given to you will be well worth following.
It is a nice day.
A wise man knows everything; a shrewd one, everybody.
When spider webs unite, they can tie up a lion.
You will be the sunshine in someone's life.
You will have good luck in the winter.
Your fortune is not something to find but to unfold.
Do onto others as you with others do onto you.
Your home will be visited by good health and wealth.
For every minute spent in organizing, an hour is earned.
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Life is a play; it's not its length but its performance that counts.
Deal with the faults of others as gently as with your own.
Love is like war: easy to begin, but very hard to stop.
If I had you, the money, fame, and fortune never could compete.
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
Over-indulgence hinders body and mind.
Romance is about to blossom.
Do it because you love it.
A man's fortune has its form given to it by his habits.
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life.
You outdistance all competitors.
Fortune favors the bold. --Virgil
It's a great weekend to watch a movie.
An interesting musical opportunity is in your near future.
If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun.
Just believe it: water and oil cannot be mixed.
Even the greatest of whales is helpless in the middle of a desert.
We can learn much from wise words and less from wise guys.
Find a peaceful place where you can make plans for the future.
Your existence contributes positively to mankind.
It is better to show appreciation than to take things for granted.
A four-wheeled adventure will soon bring you happiness.
You will find hidden treasures where least expected.
A beautiful, smart, and loving person will be coming into your life.
You are affectionate and loyal to those you love.
Clear your mental, emotional, and physical space and you will see.
You have great physical powers and an iron constitution.
Heroism is endurance for one moment more.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.
Everyone feels lucky for having you as a friend.
Patience is the key to joy!
The dumplings you just ate will self-destruct in 3...2...1...
You would be wise to keep your eyes wide open at all times.
Share yourself and your possessions with close friends.
To find your self, think for yourself.
You will soon make an important decision.
A new romance is in the near future.
If you want to be loved, be lovable.
Fortune does not change men, it unmasks them.
There is a gradual improvement. Feelings are sweet and tender.
Explore your own world by working together with friends.
Passionate new romance appears in your life when you least expect it.
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
Sharing little joys offers great hope to others.
For success today look first to yourself.
Your sense of humor reveals itself at just the right times!
Apply yourself to the basics and progress will follow.
Nothing gets in the way of your vision of yourself in the future.
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.
Time is the wisest counselor.
Culture and customs of China attract you.
The architect of your destiny is yourself.
Praise a fine day at night.
When you gather all your resources together, Goals are accomplished.
Doing what you love is freedom.  Loving what you do is happiness.
He deserves paradise who makes his companions laugh.
Success is in the details.
Nothing in the world is difficult if one sets his mind to it.
Home is where your heart is.
Life is a tragedy for those who feel and a comedy for those who think.
You are tasting the sweets of success.
If you have a great ambition, take as big a step as possible in the direction of fulfilling it.
You have much skill in expressing yourself to be effective.
He who has good health is young.
Pardon is the choicest flower of victory.
People say you have sharp sense and superb intellect.
Two small jumps are sometimes better than one big leap.
Do what is right, not what you should.
Tastes like chicken.
When you learn to be flexible, amazing opportunities reveal themselves!
You are broad minded and socially active.
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change.
Everything you add to the truth subtracts from the truth.
As you slide down the bannister of life, may the splinters never point your way.
Be cautious while walking in darkness alone.
Anyone who dares to be, can never be weak.
Love is the glue that holds together everything in the world.
You are strong and brave.
Every important call is a close one.
Fortitude is the marshal of thought, the armor of the will, and the fort of reason.
Be confident and you will succeed.
Your destiny lies before you, choose wisely.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Cleverness is serviceable for everything, sufficient for nothing.
You have the rare ability to recognize ability in others.
Welcome each day as a fresh new beginning.
You have a natural grace and consideration for others.
You are never bitter, deceptive, or petty.
You make other people realize that there exist other beauties in the world.
Try a new system or a different approach.
Keep on charging the enemy so long as there is life.
The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
With care and understanding, your life will have no obstacles.
Everything has beauty but not everyone sees it.
Travel hopefully; arrive expectantly.
You long to see the great pyramids in Egypt.
Fear is the root of all evil.
With a little more hard work, you creativity takes you to great heights.
You are the captain of your soul.
A great fortune in the hands of a fool is a great misfortune.
Talent is not a rare commodity; discipline is.
Become your own muse.
You have an iron will, which helps you succeed in everything.
You have the ability to analyze and solve any problem.
Dance like no one is watching.
Wear sunscreen.
You will be Told about it Tomorrow. Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round. -- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't understand his own meaning. -- George D. Prentice
Bank error in your favor. Collect $200.
Q: What's tiny and yellow and very, very, dangerous? A: A canary with the super-user password.
Better hope the life-inspector doesn't come around while you have your life in such a mess.
Let us endeavor so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry. -- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Your goose is cooked. (Your current chick is burned up too!)
No group of professionals meets except to conspire against the public at large. -- Mark Twain
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
You could live a better life, if you had a better mind and a better body.
Are you sure the back door is locked?
Be security conscious -- National defense is at stake.
Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?
Writing is turning one's worst moments into money. -- J.P. Donleavy
You enjoy the company of other people.
Q: What does it say on the bottom of Coke cans in North Dakota? A: Open other end.
Good day to deal with people in high places; particularly lonely stewardesses.
Q: Why do ducks have big flat feet? A: To stamp out forest fires. Q: Why do elephants have big flat feet? A: To stamp out flaming ducks.
It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't really worth having.
You look tired.
"Elves and Dragons!" I says to him. "Cabbages and potatoes are better for you and me." -- J. R. R. Tolkien
You are fairminded, just and loving.
AWAKE! FEAR! FIRE! FOES! AWAKE! FEAR! FIRE! FOES! AWAKE! AWAKE! -- J. R. R. Tolkien
Q: Why does Washington have the most lawyers per capita and New Jersey the most toxic waste dumps? A: God gave New Jersey first choice.
"You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive." -- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Study in Scarlet"
The smallest worm will turn being trodden on. -- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Good day for a change of scene. Repaper the bedroom wall.
You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live in eucalyptus trees.
Q: What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadraplegic Virginian? A: Trustworthy.
You are taking yourself far too seriously.
Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
Q: Why did the germ cross the microscope? A: To get to the other slide.
Q: How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb? A: One. Only it's his light bulb when he's done.
Q: Why did the programmer call his mother long distance? A: Because that was her name.
A kind of Batman of contemporary letters. -- Philip Larkin on Anthony Burgess
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #21 A: Dr. Livingston I. Presume. Q: What's Dr. Presume's full name?
Q: How do you play religious roulette? A: You stand around in a circle and blaspheme and see who gets struck by lightning first.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -- Mark Twain
Make a wish, it might come true.
Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.
Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy. -- Wm. Shakespeare, "Hamlet"
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to leave it behind.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
A light wife doth make a heavy husband. -- Wm. Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do. Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do. -- Mark Twain
Excellent time to become a missing person.
In the first place, God made idiots; this was for practice; then he made school boards. -- Mark Twain
You're almost as happy as you think you are.
Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday. -- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
Its name is Public Opinion. It is held in reverence. It settles everything. Some think it is the voice of God. -- Mark Twain
Truth will out this morning. (Which may really mess things up.)
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
You are sick, twisted and perverted. I like that in a person.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
Be cheerful while you are alive. -- Phathotep, 24th Century B.C.
For a light heart lives long. -- Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Your sister swims out to meet troop ships.
You're not my type. For that matter, you're not even my species!!!
You are capable of planning your future.
Beware of Bigfoot!
You have a truly strong individuality.
Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
Be careful! Is it classified?
Beware of a tall blond man with one black shoe.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Q: How many college football players does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Only one, but he gets three credits for it.
You're at the end of the road again.
Q: Why haven't you graduated yet? A: Well, Dad, I could have finished years ago, but I wanted my dissertation to rhyme.
Q: What is purple and commutes? A: An Abelian grape.
A classic is something that everyone wants to have read and nobody wants to read. -- Mark Twain, "The Disappearance of Literature"
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
You will be winged by an anti-aircraft battery.
Q: How was Thomas J. Watson buried? A: 9 edge down.
You can rent this space for only $5 a week.
Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.
Q: Why do mountain climbers rope themselves together? A: To prevent the sensible ones from going home.
You have no real enemies.
Don't tell any big lies today. Small ones can be just as effective.
Lady Luck brings added income today. Lady friend takes it away tonight.
Blow it out your ear.
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it. -- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
question = ( to ) ? be : ! be; -- Wm. Shakespeare
Q: What does a WASP Mom make for dinner? A: A crisp salad, a hearty soup, a lovely entree, followed by a delicious dessert.
Are you making all this up as you go along?
Q: Why don't lawyers go to the beach? A: The cats keep trying to bury them.
Give thought to your reputation. Consider changing name and moving to a new town.
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
You will forget that you ever knew me.
You'll never see all the places, or read all the books, but fortunately, they're not all recommended.
The ripest fruit falls first. -- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"
Q: How do you save a drowning lawyer? A: Throw him a rock.
You will be surrounded by luxury.
An honest tale speeds best being plainly told. -- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.
Conscience doth make cowards of us all. -- Shakespeare
Keep emotionally active. Cater to your favorite neurosis.
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
You'll wish that you had done some of the hard things when they were easier to do.
Advancement in position.
It was all so different before everything changed.
You will have domestic happiness and faithful friends.
You will pay for your sins. If you have already paid, please disregard this message.
You need more time; and you probably always will.
Best of all is never to have been born. Second best is to die soon.
Q: Why was Stonehenge abandoned? A: It wasn't IBM compatible.
You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.
There was a phone call for you.
Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.
Q: What's the difference between a duck and an elephant? A: You can't get down off an elephant.
Beware the one behind you.
If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn 365 useless things.
Q: Why do WASPs play golf ? A: So they can dress like pimps.
You're growing out of some of your problems, but there are others that you're growing into.
Q: What do they call the alphabet in Arkansas? A: The impossible dream.
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter. -- Mark Twain
You two ought to be more careful--your love could drag on for years and years.
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and are making another attack.
Grief can take care of itself; but to get the full value of a joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -- Mark Twain
Are you ever going to do the dishes? Or will you change your major to biology?
Q: How many IBM 370's does it take to execute a job? A: Four, three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.
So you're back... about time...
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
You too can wear a nose mitten.
Q: What looks like a cat, flies like a bat, brays like a donkey, and plays like a monkey? A: Nothing.
Q: What's yellow, and equivalent to the Axiom of Choice? A: Zorn's Lemon.
You will have a long and boring life.
It's all in the mind, ya know.
There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature: that of paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.
You definitely intend to start living sometime soon.
He was part of my dream, of course -- but then I was part of his dream too. -- Lewis Carroll
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
Is that really YOU that is reading this?
Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side? And hain't that a big enough majority in any town? -- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"
Q: Who cuts the grass on Walton's Mountain? A: Lawn Boy.
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes. -- George Gobel
Never laugh at live dragons. -- Bilbo Baggins [J.R.R. Tolkien, "The Hobbit"]
Q: How many Bell Labs Vice Presidents does it take to change a light bulb? A: That's proprietary information. Answer available from AT
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society. -- Mark Twain
They spell it "da Vinci" and pronounce it "da Vinchy". Foreigners always spell better than they pronounce. -- Mark Twain
Too much is just enough. -- Mark Twain, on whiskey
You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.
You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.
Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.
You're working under a slight handicap. You happen to be human.
Someone is speaking well of you. How unusual!
If you can read this, you're too close.
Zounds! I was never so bethumped with words since I first called my brother's father dad. -- William Shakespeare, "Kind John"
You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door mayonnaise salesman.
You may be infinitely smaller than some things, but you're infinitely larger than others.
You will engage in a profitable business activity.
Day of inquiry. You will be subpoenaed.
Your domestic life may be harmonious.
You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.
No violence, gentlemen -- no violence, I beg of you! Consider the furniture! -- Sherlock Holmes
It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up. -- Mark Twain, "The Innocents Abroad"
Q: What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A: A stick.
Q: What do you get when you cross the Godfather with an attorney? A: An offer you can't understand.
As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods; they kill us for their sport. -- Shakespeare, "King Lear"
If you laid all of our laws end to end, there would be no end. -- Mark Twain
You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
Stay the curse.
You've been leading a dog's life. Stay off the furniture.
Keep it short for pithy sake.
Increased knowledge will help you now. Have mate's phone bugged.
Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no. -- J.R.R. Tolkien
In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus, "one when he was a boy and one when he was a man." -- Mark Twain
A day for firm decisions!!!!! Or is it?
Everything will be just tickety-boo today.
You will be a winner today. Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
Q: What's the difference between USL and the Titanic? A: The Titanic had a band.
Future looks spotty. You will spill soup in late evening.
The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers. -- Wm. Shakespeare, "Henry VI", Part IV
Q: What is the difference between Texas and yogurt? A: Yogurt has culture.
Break into jail and claim police brutality.
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
You have Egyptian flu: you're going to be a mummy.
Do something unusual today. Pay a bill.
To be or not to be. -- Shakespeare To do is to be. -- Nietzsche To be is to do. -- Sartre Do be do be do. -- Sinatra
This is the first age that's paid much attention to the future, which is a little ironic since we may not have one. -- Arthur Clarke
Always the dullness of the fool is the whetstone of the wits. -- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"
Sometimes I wonder if I'm in my right mind. Then it passes off and I'm as intelligent as ever. -- Samuel Beckett, "Endgame"
Chicken Little was right.
Alas, how love can trifle with itself! -- William Shakespeare, "The Two Gentlemen of Verona"
You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy. A pity that it's totally undeserved.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world. -- J.R.R. Tolkien
Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish. -- Shakespeare, "Coriolanus"
Go to a movie tonight. Darkness becomes you.
Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.
You're definitely on their list. The question to ask next is what list it is.
Tell the truth or trump--but get the trick. -- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You are not dead yet. But watch for further reports.
You are going to have a new love affair.
Communicate! It can't make things any worse.
You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize... posthumously.
You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.
You should go home.
Good news. Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
You will be imprisoned for contributing your time and skill to a bank robbery.
You may my glories and my state dispose, But not my griefs; still am I king of those. -- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life."
Truth is the most valuable thing we have -- so let us economize it. -- Mark Twain
You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
You will contract a rare disease.
Patch griefs with proverbs. -- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve. -- J. R. R. Tolkien
By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity. Another man's, I mean. -- Mark Twain
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
You are standing on my toes.
Q: Do you know what the death rate around here is? A: One per person.
The Public is merely a multiplied "me." -- Mark Twain
Q: What's hard going in and soft and sticky coming out? A: Chewing gum.
Afternoon very favorable for romance. Try a single person for a change.
Learn to pause -- or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.
Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.
Every why hath a wherefore. -- William Shakespeare, "A Comedy of Errors"
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read. -- Mark Twain
You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.
You get along very well with everyone except animals and people.
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven. -- Mark Twain
Your present plans will be successful.
The better part of valor is discretion. -- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run. -- Mark Twain
Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
For courage mounteth with occasion. -- William Shakespeare, "King John"
Expect the worst, it's the least you can do.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
You will gain money by an immoral action.
You have an unusual magnetic personality. Don't walk too close to metal objects which are not fastened down.
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.
You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
This night methinks is but the daylight sick. -- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes. -- Dylan Thomas
Big book, big bore. -- Callimachus
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationships.
The very ink with which all history is written is merely fluid prejudice. -- Mark Twain
Snow Day -- stay home.
Q: What is the sound of one cat napping? A: Mu.
Look afar and see the end from the beginning.
Talkers are no good doers. -- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
A few hours grace before the madness begins again.
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
You will be married within a year.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort on your part.
Your lover will never wish to leave you.
Must I hold a candle to my shames? -- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.
Q: What's tan and black and looks great on a lawyer? A: A doberman.
Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late. -- Mark Twain
Give him an evasive answer.
Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!". -- Shakespeare
There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress. -- Mark Twain
You fill a much-needed gap.
You will gain money by an illegal action.
But, for my own part, it was Greek to me. -- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
You will visit the Dung Pits of Glive soon.
You will not be elected to public office this year.
Good day for overcoming obstacles. Try a steeplechase.
Today is what happened to yesterday.
Water, taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody. -- Mark Twain
You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.
You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint. -- Mark Twain
Harp not on that string. -- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Q: How many supply-siders does it take to change a light bulb? A: None. The darkness will cause the light bulb to change by itself.
Familiarity breeds contempt -- and children. -- Mark Twain
Q: What is purple and concord the world? A: Alexander the Grape.
You dialed 5483.
You have the body of a 19 year old. Please return it before it gets wrinkled.
What I tell you three times is true. -- Lewis Carroll
You'll feel devilish tonight. Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's heel.
The mind is its own place, and in itself Can make a Heav'n of Hell, a Hell of Heav'n. -- John Milton
Everything that you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.
You will inherit millions of dollars.
Never look up when dragons fly overhead.
You will never know hunger.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities. -- Mark Twain
Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to. -- Mark Twain
Never reveal your best argument.
Q: What do you call the scratches that you get when a female sheep bites you? A: Ewe nicks.
Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone.
There is a fly on your nose.
Your love life will be... interesting.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain. -- Mark Twain
Q: How can you tell when a Burroughs salesman is lying? A: When his lips move.
Do what comes naturally. Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
You feel a whole lot more like you do now than you did when you used to.
Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.
Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very very thin paper.
Artistic ventures highlighted. Rob a museum.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been. -- Mark Twain
Tempt not a desperate man. -- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
Q: What do you call a WASP who doesn't work for his father, isn't a lawyer, and believes in social causes? A: A failure.
You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will be sold.
You will be run over by a beer truck.
You are magnetic in your bearing.
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
You tread upon my patience. -- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
She is not refined. She is not unrefined. She keeps a parrot. -- Mark Twain
After all, all he did was string together a lot of old, well-known quotations. -- H. L. Mencken, on Shakespeare
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Ships are safe in harbor, but they were never meant to stay there.
Save energy: be apathetic.
He is now rising from affluence to poverty. -- Mark Twain
He jests at scars who never felt a wound. -- Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet, II. 2"
Don't relax! It's only your tension that's holding you together.
Every cloud engenders not a storm. -- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
You are so boring that when I see you my feet go to sleep.
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
The naked truth of it is, I have no shirt. -- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
You are always busy.
Q: How many Martians does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: One and a half.
Bridge ahead. Pay troll.
Is this really happening?
Try the Moo Shu Pork. It is especially good today.
You are the only person to ever get this message.
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.
You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.
What happened last night can happen again.
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
Don't worry. Life's too long. -- Vincent Sardi, Jr.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
You will stop at nothing to reach your objective, but only because your brakes are defective.
Q: Why did the WASP cross the road? A: To get to the middle.
Don't read everything you believe.
Q: What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand? A: Not enough sand.
"Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none." -- Shakespeare
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year. Take an elephant to lunch.
Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.
So this is it. We're going to die.
Fine day for friends. So-so day for you.
Q: Why did the astrophysicist order three hamburgers? A: Because he was hungry.
You learn to write as if to someone else because NEXT YEAR YOU WILL BE "SOMEONE ELSE."
You will be divorced within a year.
If you stand on your head, you will get footprints in your hair.
You have taken yourself too seriously.
"... an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and often quite often picturesque liar." -- Mark Twain
Be free and open and breezy! Enjoy! Things won't get any better so get used to it.
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
Something's rotten in the state of Denmark. -- Shakespeare
You prefer the company of the opposite sex, but are well liked by your own.
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind. -- Wm. Shakespeare
It is so very hard to be an on-your-own-take-care-of-yourself-because-there-is-no-one-else-to-do-it-for-you grown-up.
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
If you sow your wild oats, hope for a crop failure.
What good is an obscenity trial except to popularize literature? -- Nero Wolfe, "The League of Frightened Men"
You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.
You'd like to do it instantaneously, but that's too slow.
An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.
Q: Why should you always serve a Southern Carolina football man soup in a plate? A: 'Cause if you give him a bowl, he'll throw it away.
You will get what you deserve.
This life is yours. Some of it was given to you; the rest, you made yourself.
Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why. -- Hunter S. Thompson
Time to be aggressive. Go after a tattooed Virgo.
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
You worry too much about your job. Stop it. You are not paid enough to worry.
Stay away from flying saucers today.
Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself. -- Mark Twain
Chicken Little only has to be right once.
Never commit yourself! Let someone else commit you.
It's a very *__UN*lucky week in which to be took dead. -- Churchy La Femme
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient. Don't believe a thing he tells you.
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
In the Spring, I have counted 136 different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours. -- Mark Twain, on New England weather
Beware of a tall black man with one blond shoe.
Avoid reality at all costs.
Your reasoning is excellent -- it's only your basic assumptions that are wrong.
Your aim is high and to the right.
Questionable day. Ask somebody something.
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose. -- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
Q: How do you stop an elephant from charging? A: Take away his credit cards.
You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.
O, what a tangled web we weave, When first we practice to deceive. -- Sir Walter Scott, "Marmion"
Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
Q: Why did the tachyon cross the road? A: Because it was on the other side.
Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of paper until drops of blood form on your forehead. -- Gene Fowler
You will triumph over your enemy.
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
You're a card which will have to be dealt with.
Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time to reform. -- Mark Twain
My only love sprung from my only hate! Too early seen unknown, and known too late! -- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.
Your temporary financial embarrassment will be relieved in a surprising manner.
Q: Why did the chicken cross the road? A: He was giving it last rites.
You may be recognized soon. Hide.
You look like a million dollars. All green and wrinkled.
How apt the poor are to be proud. -- William Shakespeare, "Twelfth-Night"
You can create your own opportunities this week. Blackmail a senior executive.
I fell asleep reading a dull book, and I dreamt that I was reading on, so I woke up from sheer boredom.
Q: Why is Christmas just like a day at the office? A: You do all of the work and the fat guy in the suit gets all the credit.
If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it. -- Ernest Hemingway
Q: What do Winnie the Pooh and John the Baptist have in common? A: The same middle name.
You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.
Things past redress and now with me past care. -- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"
You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
Q: What do you call a half-dozen Indians with Asian flu? A: Six sick Sikhs (sic).
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write. -- Saul Bellow
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
... A solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity. -- Mark Twain
Q: How did you get into artificial intelligence? A: Seemed logical -- I didn't have any real intelligence.
Love is in the offing. Be affectionate to one who adores you.
You need no longer worry about the future. This time tomorrow you'll be dead.
You will be awarded some great honor.
Q: What is printed on the bottom of beer bottles in Minnesota? A: Open other end.
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
Q: What's the difference between Bell Labs and the Boy Scouts of America? A: The Boy Scouts have adult supervision.
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
Q: Why is it that Mexico isn't sending anyone to the '84 summer games? A: Anyone in Mexico who can run, swim or jump is already in LA.
Your step will soil many countries.
You will soon forget this.
It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech. -- Mark Twain
Your object is to save the world, while still leading a pleasant life.
You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far. Especially if they are dead.
Good day to let down old friends who need help.
Just to have it is enough.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #19 A: To be or not to be. Q: What is the square root of 4b^2?
A horse! A horse! My kingdom for a horse! -- Wm. Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
You can do very well in speculation where land or anything to do with dirt is concerned.
Don't read any sky-writing for the next two weeks.
Q: What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night? A: Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog.
Anyone who has had a bull by the tail knows five or six more things than someone who hasn't. -- Mark Twain
Wagner's music is better than it sounds. -- Mark Twain
I dote on his very absence. -- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
Your business will assume vast proportions.
You now have Asian Flu.
Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.
Have a place for everything and keep the thing somewhere else; this is not advice, it is merely custom. -- Mark Twain
Q: What do you say to a New Yorker with a job? A: Big Mac, fries and a Coke, please!
All things that are, are with more spirit chased than enjoyed. -- Shakespeare, "Merchant of Venice"
A is for Apple. -- Hester Pryne
After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!
Long life is in store for you.
You'll never be the man your mother was!
You work very hard. Don't try to think as well.
Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
Many pages make a thick book.
The difference between a Miracle and a Fact is exactly the difference between a mermaid and a seal. -- Mark Twain
Q: What do monsters eat? A: Things. Q: What do monsters drink? A: Coke. (Because Things go better with Coke.)
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.
So so is good, very good, very excellent good: and yet it is not; it is but so so. -- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"
Hell is empty and all the devils are here. -- Wm. Shakespeare, "The Tempest"
If your life was a horse, you'd have to shoot it.
Q: Why did Menachem Begin invade Lebanon? A: To impress Jodie Foster.
You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.
Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.
Your boss climbed the corporate ladder, wrong by wrong.
Fame is a vapor; popularity an accident; the only earthly certainty is oblivion. -- Mark Twain
Your motives for doing whatever good deed you may have in mind will be misinterpreted by somebody.
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
You will be successful in love.
Be cautious in your daily affairs.
Q: What is orange and goes "click, click?" A: A ball point carrot.
Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.
When you are about to die, a wombat is better than no company at all. -- Roger Zelazny, "Doorways in the Sand"
This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.
Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.
You will be held hostage by a radical group.
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
Chess tonight.
Q: What do you call 15 blondes in a circle? A: A dope ring. Q: Why do blondes put their hair in ponytails? A: To cover up the valve stem.
Tonight you will pay the wages of sin; Don't forget to leave a tip.
Q: What's a light-year? A: One-third less calories than a regular year.
You have an unusual equipment for success. Be sure to use it properly.
You will live to see your grandchildren.
He draweth out the thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his argument. -- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Don't get to bragging.
Slow day. Practice crawling.
When angry, count four; when very angry, swear. -- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
Let me take you a button-hole lower. -- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Q: What lies on the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A: A nervous wreck.
O, it is excellent To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous To use it like a giant. -- Shakespeare, "Measure for Measure", II, 2
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of new developments.
Do not overtax your powers.
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits. -- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
Q: What's the difference between a dead dog in the road and a dead lawyer in the road? A: There are skid marks in front of the dog.
You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
Q: How much does it cost to ride the Unibus? A: 2 bits.
You will have long and healthy life.
A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon. Buy the negatives at any price.
A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
Accent on helpful side of your nature. Drain the moat.
An exotic journey in downtown Newark is in your future.
Are you a turtle?
Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.
Be careful! UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!
Be different: conform.
Be security conscious -- National defense is at stake.
Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
Caution: Keep out of reach of children.
Cheer Up! Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
Cold hands, no gloves.
Courage is your greatest present need.
Don't feed the bats tonight.
Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone.
Don't plan any hasty moves. You'll be evicted soon anyway.
Don't Worry, Be Happy. -- Meher Baba
Fine day to work off excess energy. Steal something heavy.
Fortune: You will be attacked next Wednesday at 3:15 p.m. by six samurai sword wielding purple fish glued to Harley-Davidson motorcycles. Oh, and have a nice day! -- Bryce Nesbitt '84
Give your very best today. Heaven knows it's little enough.
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
Good night to spend with family, but avoid arguments with your mate's new lover.
Green light in A.M. for new projects. Red light in P.M. for traffic tickets.
It's a very unlucky week in which to be took dead. -- Churchy La Femme
Just because the message may never be received does not mean it is not worth sending.
Learn to pause -- or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.
Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.
"Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it." -- Marvin, "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
Never give an inch!
Next Friday will not be your lucky day. As a matter of fact, you don't have a lucky day this year.
People are beginning to notice you. Try dressing before you leave the house.
Reply hazy, ask again later.
Snow Day -- stay home.
How unusual!
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
Things will be bright in P.M. A cop will shine a light in your face.
Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".
This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Tomorrow, this will be part of the unchangeable past but fortunately, it can still be changed today.
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.
Tuesday is the Wednesday of the rest of your life.
You are as I am with You.
You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
You are destined to become the commandant of the fighting men of the department of transportation.
You are number 6! Who is number one?
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward. Therefore you have few friends.
You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
You have a strong appeal for members of your own sex.
You have many friends and very few living enemies.
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes. You'll learn a lot today.
You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
You may be gone tomorrow, but that doesn't mean that you weren't here today.
You may get an opportunity for advancement today. Watch it!
You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.
You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.
You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
You will be misunderstood by everyone.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
You will be run over by a bus.
You will be singled out for promotion in your work.
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
You will gain money by a fattening action.
You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.
You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.
You will outgrow your usefulness.
You will pass away very quickly.
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
You will wish you hadn't.
You'll be called to a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
You'll be sorry...
You'll feel much better once you've given up hope.
You're being followed. Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now).
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
Your lucky color has faded.
Your lucky number is 3552664958674928. Watch for it everywhere.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
Your own qualities will help prevent your advancement in the world.
Your reasoning is excellent -- it's only your basic assumptions that are wrong.
Some men dream of fortunes, others dream of cookies.
You will be hungry again in one hour.
Confucius say: if you think you're going to sum up your whole life on this little bit of paper, you're crazy.
A starship ride has been promised to you by the galactic wizard.
A tub and a rub will change your day.
Because of your melodic nature, the moonlight never misses an appointment.
Confucius say you have heart as big as Texas.
Don't behave with cold manners.
Don't forget you are always on our minds.
Help! I am being held prisoner in a Chinese bakery.
It's about time I got out of that cookie.
Never forget a friend. Especially if he owes you.
Never wear your best pants when you go to fight for freedom.
Only listen to the fortune cookie; disregard all other fortune telling units.
Someone will invite you to a Karaoke party.
Suppose you can get what you want.
That wasn't chicken.
You will gain admiration from your peers.
You will receive a fortune cookie.
Accept that some days you're the pigeon, and some days you're the statue.
Always keep your words soft and sweet, just in case you have to eat them.
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it. -- Bill Cosby
Don't fry bacon in the nude.
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things. -- George Carlin
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. -- Milton Berle
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age. -- Lucille Ball
When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please.
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake, when you make it again.
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid.
Confidence is the feeling you have, before you understand the situation.
When a man's stomach is full, it makes no difference whether he is rich or poor.
Adversity makes men, and prosperity makes monsters.
A myth is a religion, in which no one any longer believes.
There is never enough time, unless you're serving it.
There is no difference between a wise man and a fool when they fall in love.
All growth depends upon activity.
There is no development physically or intellectually without effort, and effort means work.
You can tell the ideals of a nation, by its advertisements.
Win new friends but keep the old. The first are silver, the latter gold.
Science is what you know, philosophy is what you don't know.
Whether women are better than men I cannot say, but I can say they are certainly no worse.
Tricks and treachery are the practice of fools, that don't have brains enough to be honest.
Nobody ever forgets where he buried the hatchet.
The great menace to the life of an industry is industrial self-complacency.
The artist does not see things as they are, but as he is.
The best way to knock the chip off your neighbor's shoulder is to pat him on the back.
Books are like a mirror. If an ass looks in, you can't expect an angel to look out.
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
If you make every game a life and death proposition, you're going to have problems. For one thing, you'll be dead a lot.
Catch on fire with enthusiasm and people will come for miles to watch you burn.
Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours.
I know not with what weapon World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
The less you know about a subject, the longer it takes you to explain it.
Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.
Footprints on the sands of time are not made by sitting down.
The universe is like a safe to which there is a combination. But the combination is locked up in the safe.
Behind everyone who behaves as if he were superior to others, we can suspect a feeling of inferiority which calls for very special efforts of concealment. It is as if a man feared that he was too small and walked on his toes to make himself seem taller.
The human body is a peculiar device, pat it on the back and the head swells.
He that waits upon fortune, is never sure of a dinner.
Rust consumes iron and envy consumes itself.
Reading furnishes the mind only with material for knowledge, it is thinking that makes what we read ours.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism, to steal ideas from many is research.
At twenty years of age, the will reigns; at thirty, the wife; and at forty, the judgment.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
An intellectual is a man who takes more words than necessary to tell more than he knows.
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win you're still a rat.
The control man has secured over nature has far outrun his control over himself.
Work as if you were to live a hundred years. Pray as if you were to die tomorrow.
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.
Once you say you're going to settle for second, that's what happens to you in life.
In a hospital they throw you out into the street before you are half cured, but in a nursing home they don't let you out till you are dead.
The man who tried his best and failed is superior to the man who never tried.
The grass may be greener on the other side of the fence but you still have to mow it.
Fame is the perfume of heroic deeds.
Laziness travels so slowly that poverty soon overtakes him.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
I have met the enemy, and it is the eyes of other people.
Ability is what you're capable of doing, motivation determines what you do, and attitude determines how well you do it.
Prejudice is a great time saver. It enables you to form opinions without bothering to get the facts.
The greatest power is often simple patience.
The louder he talked of his honour, the faster we counted our spoons.
Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well.
We may have all come on different ships, but we're in the same boat now.
We give up leisure, in order that we may have leisure, just as we go to war, in order that we may have peace.
There is no education like adversity.
As long as a man stands in his own way, everything seems to be in his way.
The man who lets himself be bored, is even more contemptible than the bore.
You can always tell a real friend; when you've made a fool of yourself, he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job.
A bachelor is a souvenir of some woman who found a better one at the last minute.
One of the very best rules of conversation is to never say anything, which any of the company wish had been left unsaid.
Too many church services start at eleven sharp and end at twelve dull.
There are as many opinions as there are experts. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Happy are those who dream dreams and are willing to pay the price to make them come true.
An education is what you remember, after you have forgotten everything that you've learned.
Faith... is the art of holding on to things your reason once accepted, despite your changing moods.
They know enough who know how to learn.
An excuse is worse than a lie, for an excuse is a lie, guarded.
A great leader never sets himself above his followers except in carrying responsibilities.
Grief can't be shared. Everyone carries it alone. His own burden in his own way.
You have to dream before your dreams can come true.
The future will one day be the present and will seem as unimportant as the present does now.
Anger is an acid, that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored, than to anything on which it is poured.
People are always ready to admit a man's ability after he gets there.
Life is like riding a bicycle. You don't fall off unless you stop peddling.
Be kind to unkind people -- they need it the most.
So rare is the union of beauty with modesty.
Borrowing is not much better than begging, just as lending with interest is not much better than stealing.
Nobody got anywhere in the world by simply being content. If all the economists in the world were laid end to end, it wouldn't be a bad thing.
All things come to him who goes after them.
Like associates with like.
It is not fair to ask of others what you are not willing to do yourself.
From our ancestors come our names from our virtues our honor.
I never cease being dumbfounded by the unbelievable things people believe.
Heroes are created by popular demand, sometimes out of the scantiest materials.
Men of genius are admired, men of wealth are envied, men of power are feared but only men of character are trusted.
A retentive memory may be a good thing, but the ability to forget is the true token of greatness.
Coping with the demands of everyday life would be exceedingly trying, if one could arrive at solutions to problems only by actually performing possible options and suffering the consequences.
If Columbus had turned back, no one would have blamed him. Of course, no one would have remembered him either.
Laugh and the world laughs with you, cry and the world laughs louder.
The hearing ear is always found close to the speaking tongue.
Heroism feels, and never reasons, and is therefore always right.
I was never ruined but twice, once when I lost a lawsuit and once when I won one.
Meeting people formally, is like viewing a house without going inside.
Use your time well, if you want to have leisure time.
Be true to the best you know. This is your high ideal. If you do your best, you cannot do more.
Inspiration is apt to come only while one is working. Waited for, it usually keeps on waiting.
Acting is not being emotional, but being able to express emotion.
Some people play very, very well just so they won't get embarrassed.
The Extra Mile will have no traffic jams.
One who looks for a friend without faults will have none.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world anymore. There is always something to make you wonder, in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
It is always easier to fight for one's principles, than to live up to them.
In the arena of human life, the honors and rewards fall to those who show their good qualities in action.
Be tolerant of the human race. Your whole family belongs to it -- and some of your spouse's family does too.
A rich man without charity, is a rogue and perhaps it would be no difficult matter to prove that he is also a fool.
I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.
To be free in an age like ours, one must be in a position of authority. That in itself would be enough to make me ambitious.
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your successes.
Success comes before work only in the dictionary.
We learn geology the morning after the earthquake.
Sitting quietly, doing nothing, spring comes and the grass grows by itself.
Don't complain that you are not getting what you want, Just be glad you are not getting what you deserve!
The next thing to saying a good thing yourself is to quote one.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
Hope is a good breakfast but a bad supper.
The proud man counts his newspaper clippings, the humble man his blessings.
Some luck lies in not getting what you thought you wanted.
The penalty of leadership is loneliness.
A mirror reflects a man's face, but what he is really like is shown by the kind of friends he chooses.
Generosity is giving more than you can, and pride is taking less than you need.
It's only too easy to catch people's attention by doing something worse than anyone else has dared to do before.
Ninety-two percent of the stuff told you in confidence, you couldn't get anyone else to listen to.
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.
Best minds are not in government. If any were, business would steal.
A legend is an old man with a cane known for what he used to do.
In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.
People are usually more convinced by reasons they discovered themselves than by those found by others.
Money can't buy you friends but you do get a better class of enemies.
Everybody is ignorant -- only on different subjects.
Only one thing is certain -- that is, nothing is certain. If this statement is true, it is also false.
We have met the enemy and he is us.
The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts.
We estimate the wisdom of nations by seeing what they did with their surplus capital.
Anger: an acid that can do more harm, to the vessel in which it is stored, than to anything on which it is poured.
Most people fail in life because they major in minor things.
People, like nails, lose their effectiveness when they lose direction and begin to bend.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Glass, china, and reputation are easily cracked, and never mended well.
Conversation enriches the understanding; but solitude is the school of genius
Honesty is as rare as a man without self-pity.
Many consider nature a vast chemical laboratory, in which all kinds of composition and decompositions are formed.
Vegetation is the basic instrument the creator uses, to set all of nature in motion.
The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn and change.
Life has its own hidden forces, which you can only discover by living.
The best mirror is an old friend.
Never be elated when someone's oppressed, never dejected when another one's blessed.
Pleasure can be supported by an illusion, but happiness rests upon truth.
You know more of a road by having traveled it than by all the pictures and descriptions in the world.
Wealth lost is something lost, honor lost is something lost: Courage lost, all is lost.
Many men die at 25 and aren't buried until they are 75.
If all the economists in the world were laid end to end, they would still not reach a conclusion.
What we anticipate seldom occurs, what we least expected generally happens.
If things do not turn out as we wish, we should wish for them as they turn out.
Whenever I have to choose between two evils, I always like to try the one I haven't tried before.
Hollywood is a place where people from Iowa mistake each other for stars.
We should behave to our friends as we would wish our friends to behave to us.
It is in the treatment of trifles that a person shows what they are.
Anyone who thinks the sky is the limit, has limited imagination.
Never confuse motion with action.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Everything has been figured out, except how to live.
An autobiography usually reveals nothing bad about its writer except his memory.
When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
People give us credit only for what we ourselves believe.
Sympathy is a virtue unknown in nature.
If you say that God is good, great, blessed, wise or any such thing, the starting point is this : God is.
It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
The Green Bay Packers never lost a football game. They just ran out of time.
Conscience is the sentinel of virtue.
Government is like a baby. An alimentary canal with a big appetite at one end and no sense of responsibility at the other.
A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow.
There is no sanctuary of virtue like home.
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
Do what you know and perception is converted into character.
The difference between greatness and mediocrity is often how an individual views a mistake.
In preparing for battle, I have always found that plans are useless, but planning indispensable.
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is over self.
We are students of words; we are shut up in schools, colleges, and recitation rooms, for ten or fifteen years, and come out at last with a bag of wind, a memory of words, and do not know a thing.
Action is more generally understood than words.
Friendship is almost always the union of a part of one mind with the part of another.
Our knowledge is the amassed thought and experience of innumerable minds.
It doesn't take a hero to order men into battle. It takes a hero to be one of those men who goes into battle.
Reformers are those who educate people to appreciate the things they need.
Never give advice in a crowd.