Watch your relations with other people carefully, be reserved.
Wise men learn more from fools than fools from the wise.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
Enjoy what you have! Never mind fame and power.
A leader is powerful to the degree he empowers others.
Advice, when most needed, is least heeded.
No man is a failure who is enjoying life.
Progress always involves risk.
Open up your mind. Let your fantasies unwind.
One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
A faithful friend is a strong defense.
Believe it can be done.
Bide your time, for success is near.
As every thread of gold is valuable, so is every moment of time.
Allow your mind to absorb new knowledge.
The intention is not to see through people, but rather to see people through.
Wealth is not a matter of intelligence; it's a matter of inspiration.
You will have many important meetings, visits, and chance encounters.
You will make a name for yourself.
You will make many changes before settling satisfactorily.
All the answers you need are right there in front of you!
Better to face danger than be always in fear.
A smile is your personal welcome mat.
A new outlook brightens your image and brings new friends.
Keep your plans secret for now.
Lies and sorrow may float through the air, but truth and happiness live inside yourself.
You don't get in life what you want; you get in life what you are.
You begin to appreciate how important it is to share your personal beliefs.
Let the spirit of adventure set the tone.
Your career is moving more and more towards service to others.
You will soon be involved in many gatherings, parties and communications.
Your luck will be changed today.
Your careful nature will bring you financial success.
You are always entertaining and delightful.
With integrity and consistency, your credits are piling up.
Hone your competitive instincts.
Courage is the mastery of fear - not the absence of fear.
Constant grinding can turn an iron rod into a needle.
You may lack ambition, but not the ability to succeed.
Smile! A frown may turn others away.
You have a unique personality.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort.
Lady luck will soon visit you.
You will live a long, prosperous life.
Soon, you'll have a chance at a profitable transaction.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
The home is the chief school of human virtues.
The time has come to allow your heart to guide you.
Assert yourself, your ideas are worthwhile.
The smallest deed is better than the biggest intention.
The two hardest things to handle in life are failure and success.
To understand a man's mind, listen to his words.
Enjoy the lighter things in life, deeper joys will follow.
Before you receive, you must give.
An hour with friends is worth more than ten with strangers.
Advice is like kissing. It costs nothing and is a pleasant thing to do.
Any activity becomes creative when the doer cares about doing it right, or better.
A man can fail many times, but he isn't a failure until he gives up.
It is better to ask some questions than to know all the answers.
Impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools.
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years.
A lifetime friend shall soon be made.
A journey must begin with a single step.
Before you wonder, "Am I doing things right," ask "Am I doing the right things?"
Good luck is the result of good planning.
Patience is a key to joy.
A focused mind is one of the most powerful forces in the universe.
A good beginning is half the task.
Sometimes traveling to a new place leads to great transformation.
You will move to a wonderful new home within the year.
Hope is the most precious treasure to a person.
Don't be afraid to take that big step.
Everywhere you choose to go, friendly faces will greet you.
Failure is the mother of success.