From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please.
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake, when you make it again.
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid.
Confidence is the feeling you have, before you understand the situation.
When a man's stomach is full, it makes no difference whether he is rich or poor.
Adversity makes men, and prosperity makes monsters.
A myth is a religion, in which no one any longer believes.
There is never enough time, unless you're serving it.
There is no difference between a wise man and a fool when they fall in love.
All growth depends upon activity.
There is no development physically or intellectually without effort, and effort means work.
You can tell the ideals of a nation, by its advertisements.
Win new friends but keep the old. The first are silver, the latter gold.
Science is what you know, philosophy is what you don't know.
Whether women are better than men I cannot say, but I can say they are certainly no worse.
Tricks and treachery are the practice of fools, that don't have brains enough to be honest.
Nobody ever forgets where he buried the hatchet.
The great menace to the life of an industry is industrial self-complacency.
The artist does not see things as they are, but as he is.
The best way to knock the chip off your neighbor's shoulder is to pat him on the back.
Books are like a mirror. If an ass looks in, you can't expect an angel to look out.
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
If you make every game a life and death proposition, you're going to have problems. For one thing, you'll be dead a lot.
Catch on fire with enthusiasm and people will come for miles to watch you burn.
Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours.
I know not with what weapon World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
The less you know about a subject, the longer it takes you to explain it.
Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.
Footprints on the sands of time are not made by sitting down.
The universe is like a safe to which there is a combination. But the combination is locked up in the safe.
Behind everyone who behaves as if he were superior to others, we can suspect a feeling of inferiority which calls for very special efforts of concealment. It is as if a man feared that he was too small and walked on his toes to make himself seem taller.
The human body is a peculiar device, pat it on the back and the head swells.
He that waits upon fortune, is never sure of a dinner.
Rust consumes iron and envy consumes itself.
Reading furnishes the mind only with material for knowledge, it is thinking that makes what we read ours.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism, to steal ideas from many is research.
At twenty years of age, the will reigns; at thirty, the wife; and at forty, the judgment.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
An intellectual is a man who takes more words than necessary to tell more than he knows.
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win you're still a rat.
The control man has secured over nature has far outrun his control over himself.
Work as if you were to live a hundred years. Pray as if you were to die tomorrow.
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.
Once you say you're going to settle for second, that's what happens to you in life.
In a hospital they throw you out into the street before you are half cured, but in a nursing home they don't let you out till you are dead.
The man who tried his best and failed is superior to the man who never tried.
The grass may be greener on the other side of the fence but you still have to mow it.
Fame is the perfume of heroic deeds.
Laziness travels so slowly that poverty soon overtakes him.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
I have met the enemy, and it is the eyes of other people.
Ability is what you're capable of doing, motivation determines what you do, and attitude determines how well you do it.
Prejudice is a great time saver. It enables you to form opinions without bothering to get the facts.
The greatest power is often simple patience.
The louder he talked of his honour, the faster we counted our spoons.
Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well.
We may have all come on different ships, but we're in the same boat now.
We give up leisure, in order that we may have leisure, just as we go to war, in order that we may have peace.
There is no education like adversity.
As long as a man stands in his own way, everything seems to be in his way.
The man who lets himself be bored, is even more contemptible than the bore.
You can always tell a real friend; when you've made a fool of yourself, he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job.
A bachelor is a souvenir of some woman who found a better one at the last minute.
One of the very best rules of conversation is to never say anything, which any of the company wish had been left unsaid.
Too many church services start at eleven sharp and end at twelve dull.
There are as many opinions as there are experts. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Happy are those who dream dreams and are willing to pay the price to make them come true.
An education is what you remember, after you have forgotten everything that you've learned.
Faith... is the art of holding on to things your reason once accepted, despite your changing moods.
They know enough who know how to learn.
An excuse is worse than a lie, for an excuse is a lie, guarded.
A great leader never sets himself above his followers except in carrying responsibilities.
Grief can't be shared. Everyone carries it alone. His own burden in his own way.
You have to dream before your dreams can come true.
The future will one day be the present and will seem as unimportant as the present does now.
Anger is an acid, that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored, than to anything on which it is poured.
People are always ready to admit a man's ability after he gets there.
Life is like riding a bicycle. You don't fall off unless you stop peddling.
Be kind to unkind people -- they need it the most.
So rare is the union of beauty with modesty.
Borrowing is not much better than begging, just as lending with interest is not much better than stealing.
Nobody got anywhere in the world by simply being content. If all the economists in the world were laid end to end, it wouldn't be a bad thing.
All things come to him who goes after them.
Like associates with like.
It is not fair to ask of others what you are not willing to do yourself.
From our ancestors come our names from our virtues our honor.
I never cease being dumbfounded by the unbelievable things people believe.
Heroes are created by popular demand, sometimes out of the scantiest materials.
Men of genius are admired, men of wealth are envied, men of power are feared but only men of character are trusted.
A retentive memory may be a good thing, but the ability to forget is the true token of greatness.
Coping with the demands of everyday life would be exceedingly trying, if one could arrive at solutions to problems only by actually performing possible options and suffering the consequences.
If Columbus had turned back, no one would have blamed him. Of course, no one would have remembered him either.
Laugh and the world laughs with you, cry and the world laughs louder.
The hearing ear is always found close to the speaking tongue.
Heroism feels, and never reasons, and is therefore always right.
I was never ruined but twice, once when I lost a lawsuit and once when I won one.
Meeting people formally, is like viewing a house without going inside.
Use your time well, if you want to have leisure time.
Be true to the best you know. This is your high ideal. If you do your best, you cannot do more.
Inspiration is apt to come only while one is working. Waited for, it usually keeps on waiting.
Acting is not being emotional, but being able to express emotion.
Some people play very, very well just so they won't get embarrassed.
The Extra Mile will have no traffic jams.
One who looks for a friend without faults will have none.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world anymore. There is always something to make you wonder, in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
It is always easier to fight for one's principles, than to live up to them.
In the arena of human life, the honors and rewards fall to those who show their good qualities in action.
Be tolerant of the human race. Your whole family belongs to it -- and some of your spouse's family does too.
A rich man without charity, is a rogue and perhaps it would be no difficult matter to prove that he is also a fool.
I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.
To be free in an age like ours, one must be in a position of authority. That in itself would be enough to make me ambitious.
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your successes.
Success comes before work only in the dictionary.
We learn geology the morning after the earthquake.
Sitting quietly, doing nothing, spring comes and the grass grows by itself.
Don't complain that you are not getting what you want, Just be glad you are not getting what you deserve!
The next thing to saying a good thing yourself is to quote one.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
Hope is a good breakfast but a bad supper.
The proud man counts his newspaper clippings, the humble man his blessings.
Some luck lies in not getting what you thought you wanted.
The penalty of leadership is loneliness.
A mirror reflects a man's face, but what he is really like is shown by the kind of friends he chooses.
Generosity is giving more than you can, and pride is taking less than you need.
It's only too easy to catch people's attention by doing something worse than anyone else has dared to do before.
Ninety-two percent of the stuff told you in confidence, you couldn't get anyone else to listen to.
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.
Best minds are not in government. If any were, business would steal.
A legend is an old man with a cane known for what he used to do.
In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.
People are usually more convinced by reasons they discovered themselves than by those found by others.
Money can't buy you friends but you do get a better class of enemies.
Everybody is ignorant -- only on different subjects.
Only one thing is certain -- that is, nothing is certain. If this statement is true, it is also false.
We have met the enemy and he is us.
The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts.
We estimate the wisdom of nations by seeing what they did with their surplus capital.
Anger: an acid that can do more harm, to the vessel in which it is stored, than to anything on which it is poured.
Most people fail in life because they major in minor things.
People, like nails, lose their effectiveness when they lose direction and begin to bend.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Glass, china, and reputation are easily cracked, and never mended well.
Conversation enriches the understanding; but solitude is the school of genius
Honesty is as rare as a man without self-pity.
Many consider nature a vast chemical laboratory, in which all kinds of composition and decompositions are formed.
Vegetation is the basic instrument the creator uses, to set all of nature in motion.
The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn and change.
Life has its own hidden forces, which you can only discover by living.
The best mirror is an old friend.
Never be elated when someone's oppressed, never dejected when another one's blessed.
Pleasure can be supported by an illusion, but happiness rests upon truth.
You know more of a road by having traveled it than by all the pictures and descriptions in the world.
Wealth lost is something lost, honor lost is something lost: Courage lost, all is lost.
Many men die at 25 and aren't buried until they are 75.
If all the economists in the world were laid end to end, they would still not reach a conclusion.
What we anticipate seldom occurs, what we least expected generally happens.
If things do not turn out as we wish, we should wish for them as they turn out.
Whenever I have to choose between two evils, I always like to try the one I haven't tried before.
Hollywood is a place where people from Iowa mistake each other for stars.
We should behave to our friends as we would wish our friends to behave to us.
It is in the treatment of trifles that a person shows what they are.
Anyone who thinks the sky is the limit, has limited imagination.
Never confuse motion with action.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Everything has been figured out, except how to live.
An autobiography usually reveals nothing bad about its writer except his memory.
When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
People give us credit only for what we ourselves believe.
Sympathy is a virtue unknown in nature.
If you say that God is good, great, blessed, wise or any such thing, the starting point is this : God is.
It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
The Green Bay Packers never lost a football game. They just ran out of time.
Conscience is the sentinel of virtue.
Government is like a baby. An alimentary canal with a big appetite at one end and no sense of responsibility at the other.
A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow.
There is no sanctuary of virtue like home.
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
Do what you know and perception is converted into character.
The difference between greatness and mediocrity is often how an individual views a mistake.
In preparing for battle, I have always found that plans are useless, but planning indispensable.
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is over self.
We are students of words; we are shut up in schools, colleges, and recitation rooms, for ten or fifteen years, and come out at last with a bag of wind, a memory of words, and do not know a thing.
Action is more generally understood than words.
Friendship is almost always the union of a part of one mind with the part of another.
Our knowledge is the amassed thought and experience of innumerable minds.
It doesn't take a hero to order men into battle. It takes a hero to be one of those men who goes into battle.
Reformers are those who educate people to appreciate the things they need.
Never give advice in a crowd.