You will be Told about it Tomorrow. Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round. -- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't understand his own meaning. -- George D. Prentice
Bank error in your favor. Collect $200.
Q: What's tiny and yellow and very, very, dangerous? A: A canary with the super-user password.
Better hope the life-inspector doesn't come around while you have your life in such a mess.
Let us endeavor so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry. -- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Your goose is cooked. (Your current chick is burned up too!)
No group of professionals meets except to conspire against the public at large. -- Mark Twain
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
You could live a better life, if you had a better mind and a better body.
Are you sure the back door is locked?
Be security conscious -- National defense is at stake.
Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?
Writing is turning one's worst moments into money. -- J.P. Donleavy
You enjoy the company of other people.
Q: What does it say on the bottom of Coke cans in North Dakota? A: Open other end.
Good day to deal with people in high places; particularly lonely stewardesses.
Q: Why do ducks have big flat feet? A: To stamp out forest fires. Q: Why do elephants have big flat feet? A: To stamp out flaming ducks.
It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't really worth having.
You look tired.
"Elves and Dragons!" I says to him. "Cabbages and potatoes are better for you and me." -- J. R. R. Tolkien
You are fairminded, just and loving.
AWAKE! FEAR! FIRE! FOES! AWAKE! FEAR! FIRE! FOES! AWAKE! AWAKE! -- J. R. R. Tolkien
Q: Why does Washington have the most lawyers per capita and New Jersey the most toxic waste dumps? A: God gave New Jersey first choice.
"You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive." -- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Study in Scarlet"
The smallest worm will turn being trodden on. -- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Good day for a change of scene. Repaper the bedroom wall.
You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live in eucalyptus trees.
Q: What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadraplegic Virginian? A: Trustworthy.
You are taking yourself far too seriously.
Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
Q: Why did the germ cross the microscope? A: To get to the other slide.
Q: How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb? A: One. Only it's his light bulb when he's done.
Q: Why did the programmer call his mother long distance? A: Because that was her name.
A kind of Batman of contemporary letters. -- Philip Larkin on Anthony Burgess
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #21 A: Dr. Livingston I. Presume. Q: What's Dr. Presume's full name?
Q: How do you play religious roulette? A: You stand around in a circle and blaspheme and see who gets struck by lightning first.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -- Mark Twain
Make a wish, it might come true.
Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.
Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy. -- Wm. Shakespeare, "Hamlet"
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to leave it behind.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
A light wife doth make a heavy husband. -- Wm. Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do. Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do. -- Mark Twain
Excellent time to become a missing person.
In the first place, God made idiots; this was for practice; then he made school boards. -- Mark Twain
You're almost as happy as you think you are.
Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday. -- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
Its name is Public Opinion. It is held in reverence. It settles everything. Some think it is the voice of God. -- Mark Twain
Truth will out this morning. (Which may really mess things up.)
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
You are sick, twisted and perverted. I like that in a person.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
Be cheerful while you are alive. -- Phathotep, 24th Century B.C.
For a light heart lives long. -- Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Your sister swims out to meet troop ships.
You're not my type. For that matter, you're not even my species!!!
You are capable of planning your future.
Beware of Bigfoot!
You have a truly strong individuality.
Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
Be careful! Is it classified?
Beware of a tall blond man with one black shoe.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Q: How many college football players does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Only one, but he gets three credits for it.
You're at the end of the road again.
Q: Why haven't you graduated yet? A: Well, Dad, I could have finished years ago, but I wanted my dissertation to rhyme.
Q: What is purple and commutes? A: An Abelian grape.
A classic is something that everyone wants to have read and nobody wants to read. -- Mark Twain, "The Disappearance of Literature"
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
You will be winged by an anti-aircraft battery.
Q: How was Thomas J. Watson buried? A: 9 edge down.
You can rent this space for only $5 a week.
Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.
Q: Why do mountain climbers rope themselves together? A: To prevent the sensible ones from going home.
You have no real enemies.
Don't tell any big lies today. Small ones can be just as effective.
Lady Luck brings added income today. Lady friend takes it away tonight.
Blow it out your ear.
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it. -- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
question = ( to ) ? be : ! be; -- Wm. Shakespeare
Q: What does a WASP Mom make for dinner? A: A crisp salad, a hearty soup, a lovely entree, followed by a delicious dessert.
Are you making all this up as you go along?
Q: Why don't lawyers go to the beach? A: The cats keep trying to bury them.
Give thought to your reputation. Consider changing name and moving to a new town.
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
You will forget that you ever knew me.
You'll never see all the places, or read all the books, but fortunately, they're not all recommended.
The ripest fruit falls first. -- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"
Q: How do you save a drowning lawyer? A: Throw him a rock.
You will be surrounded by luxury.
An honest tale speeds best being plainly told. -- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.
Conscience doth make cowards of us all. -- Shakespeare
Keep emotionally active. Cater to your favorite neurosis.
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
You'll wish that you had done some of the hard things when they were easier to do.
Advancement in position.
It was all so different before everything changed.
You will have domestic happiness and faithful friends.
You will pay for your sins. If you have already paid, please disregard this message.
You need more time; and you probably always will.
Best of all is never to have been born. Second best is to die soon.
Q: Why was Stonehenge abandoned? A: It wasn't IBM compatible.
You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.
There was a phone call for you.
Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.
Q: What's the difference between a duck and an elephant? A: You can't get down off an elephant.
Beware the one behind you.
If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn 365 useless things.
Q: Why do WASPs play golf ? A: So they can dress like pimps.
You're growing out of some of your problems, but there are others that you're growing into.
Q: What do they call the alphabet in Arkansas? A: The impossible dream.
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter. -- Mark Twain
You two ought to be more careful--your love could drag on for years and years.
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and are making another attack.
Grief can take care of itself; but to get the full value of a joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -- Mark Twain
Are you ever going to do the dishes? Or will you change your major to biology?
Q: How many IBM 370's does it take to execute a job? A: Four, three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.
So you're back... about time...
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
You too can wear a nose mitten.
Q: What looks like a cat, flies like a bat, brays like a donkey, and plays like a monkey? A: Nothing.
Q: What's yellow, and equivalent to the Axiom of Choice? A: Zorn's Lemon.
You will have a long and boring life.
It's all in the mind, ya know.
There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature: that of paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.
You definitely intend to start living sometime soon.
He was part of my dream, of course -- but then I was part of his dream too. -- Lewis Carroll
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
Is that really YOU that is reading this?
Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side? And hain't that a big enough majority in any town? -- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"
Q: Who cuts the grass on Walton's Mountain? A: Lawn Boy.
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes. -- George Gobel
Never laugh at live dragons. -- Bilbo Baggins [J.R.R. Tolkien, "The Hobbit"]
Q: How many Bell Labs Vice Presidents does it take to change a light bulb? A: That's proprietary information. Answer available from AT
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society. -- Mark Twain
They spell it "da Vinci" and pronounce it "da Vinchy". Foreigners always spell better than they pronounce. -- Mark Twain
Too much is just enough. -- Mark Twain, on whiskey
You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.
You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.
Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.
You're working under a slight handicap. You happen to be human.
Someone is speaking well of you. How unusual!
If you can read this, you're too close.
Zounds! I was never so bethumped with words since I first called my brother's father dad. -- William Shakespeare, "Kind John"
You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door mayonnaise salesman.
You may be infinitely smaller than some things, but you're infinitely larger than others.
You will engage in a profitable business activity.
Day of inquiry. You will be subpoenaed.
Your domestic life may be harmonious.
You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.
No violence, gentlemen -- no violence, I beg of you! Consider the furniture! -- Sherlock Holmes
It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up. -- Mark Twain, "The Innocents Abroad"
Q: What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A: A stick.
Q: What do you get when you cross the Godfather with an attorney? A: An offer you can't understand.
As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods; they kill us for their sport. -- Shakespeare, "King Lear"
If you laid all of our laws end to end, there would be no end. -- Mark Twain
You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
Stay the curse.
You've been leading a dog's life. Stay off the furniture.
Keep it short for pithy sake.
Increased knowledge will help you now. Have mate's phone bugged.
Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no. -- J.R.R. Tolkien
In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus, "one when he was a boy and one when he was a man." -- Mark Twain
A day for firm decisions!!!!! Or is it?
Everything will be just tickety-boo today.
You will be a winner today. Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
Q: What's the difference between USL and the Titanic? A: The Titanic had a band.
Future looks spotty. You will spill soup in late evening.
The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers. -- Wm. Shakespeare, "Henry VI", Part IV
Q: What is the difference between Texas and yogurt? A: Yogurt has culture.
Break into jail and claim police brutality.
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
You have Egyptian flu: you're going to be a mummy.
Do something unusual today. Pay a bill.
To be or not to be. -- Shakespeare To do is to be. -- Nietzsche To be is to do. -- Sartre Do be do be do. -- Sinatra
This is the first age that's paid much attention to the future, which is a little ironic since we may not have one. -- Arthur Clarke
Always the dullness of the fool is the whetstone of the wits. -- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"
Sometimes I wonder if I'm in my right mind. Then it passes off and I'm as intelligent as ever. -- Samuel Beckett, "Endgame"
Chicken Little was right.
Alas, how love can trifle with itself! -- William Shakespeare, "The Two Gentlemen of Verona"
You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy. A pity that it's totally undeserved.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world. -- J.R.R. Tolkien
Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish. -- Shakespeare, "Coriolanus"
Go to a movie tonight. Darkness becomes you.
Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.
You're definitely on their list. The question to ask next is what list it is.
Tell the truth or trump--but get the trick. -- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You are not dead yet. But watch for further reports.
You are going to have a new love affair.
Communicate! It can't make things any worse.
You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize... posthumously.
You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.
You should go home.
Good news. Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
You will be imprisoned for contributing your time and skill to a bank robbery.
You may my glories and my state dispose, But not my griefs; still am I king of those. -- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life."
Truth is the most valuable thing we have -- so let us economize it. -- Mark Twain
You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
You will contract a rare disease.
Patch griefs with proverbs. -- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve. -- J. R. R. Tolkien
By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity. Another man's, I mean. -- Mark Twain
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
You are standing on my toes.
Q: Do you know what the death rate around here is? A: One per person.
The Public is merely a multiplied "me." -- Mark Twain
Q: What's hard going in and soft and sticky coming out? A: Chewing gum.
Afternoon very favorable for romance. Try a single person for a change.
Learn to pause -- or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.
Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.
Every why hath a wherefore. -- William Shakespeare, "A Comedy of Errors"
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read. -- Mark Twain
You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.
You get along very well with everyone except animals and people.
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven. -- Mark Twain
Your present plans will be successful.
The better part of valor is discretion. -- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run. -- Mark Twain
Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
For courage mounteth with occasion. -- William Shakespeare, "King John"
Expect the worst, it's the least you can do.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
You will gain money by an immoral action.
You have an unusual magnetic personality. Don't walk too close to metal objects which are not fastened down.
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.
You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
This night methinks is but the daylight sick. -- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes. -- Dylan Thomas
Big book, big bore. -- Callimachus
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationships.
The very ink with which all history is written is merely fluid prejudice. -- Mark Twain
Snow Day -- stay home.
Q: What is the sound of one cat napping? A: Mu.
Look afar and see the end from the beginning.
Talkers are no good doers. -- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
A few hours grace before the madness begins again.
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
You will be married within a year.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort on your part.
Your lover will never wish to leave you.
Must I hold a candle to my shames? -- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.
Q: What's tan and black and looks great on a lawyer? A: A doberman.
Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late. -- Mark Twain
Give him an evasive answer.
Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!". -- Shakespeare
There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress. -- Mark Twain
You fill a much-needed gap.
You will gain money by an illegal action.
But, for my own part, it was Greek to me. -- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
You will visit the Dung Pits of Glive soon.
You will not be elected to public office this year.
Good day for overcoming obstacles. Try a steeplechase.
Today is what happened to yesterday.
Water, taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody. -- Mark Twain
You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.
You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint. -- Mark Twain
Harp not on that string. -- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Q: How many supply-siders does it take to change a light bulb? A: None. The darkness will cause the light bulb to change by itself.
Familiarity breeds contempt -- and children. -- Mark Twain
Q: What is purple and concord the world? A: Alexander the Grape.
You dialed 5483.
You have the body of a 19 year old. Please return it before it gets wrinkled.
What I tell you three times is true. -- Lewis Carroll
You'll feel devilish tonight. Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's heel.
The mind is its own place, and in itself Can make a Heav'n of Hell, a Hell of Heav'n. -- John Milton
Everything that you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.
You will inherit millions of dollars.
Never look up when dragons fly overhead.
You will never know hunger.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities. -- Mark Twain
Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to. -- Mark Twain
Never reveal your best argument.
Q: What do you call the scratches that you get when a female sheep bites you? A: Ewe nicks.
Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone.
There is a fly on your nose.
Your love life will be... interesting.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain. -- Mark Twain
Q: How can you tell when a Burroughs salesman is lying? A: When his lips move.
Do what comes naturally. Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
You feel a whole lot more like you do now than you did when you used to.
Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.
Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very very thin paper.
Artistic ventures highlighted. Rob a museum.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been. -- Mark Twain
Tempt not a desperate man. -- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
Q: What do you call a WASP who doesn't work for his father, isn't a lawyer, and believes in social causes? A: A failure.
You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will be sold.
You will be run over by a beer truck.
You are magnetic in your bearing.
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
You tread upon my patience. -- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
She is not refined. She is not unrefined. She keeps a parrot. -- Mark Twain
After all, all he did was string together a lot of old, well-known quotations. -- H. L. Mencken, on Shakespeare
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Ships are safe in harbor, but they were never meant to stay there.
Save energy: be apathetic.
He is now rising from affluence to poverty. -- Mark Twain
He jests at scars who never felt a wound. -- Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet, II. 2"
Don't relax! It's only your tension that's holding you together.
Every cloud engenders not a storm. -- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
You are so boring that when I see you my feet go to sleep.
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
The naked truth of it is, I have no shirt. -- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
You are always busy.
Q: How many Martians does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: One and a half.
Bridge ahead. Pay troll.
Is this really happening?
Try the Moo Shu Pork. It is especially good today.
You are the only person to ever get this message.
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.
You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.
What happened last night can happen again.
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
Don't worry. Life's too long. -- Vincent Sardi, Jr.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
You will stop at nothing to reach your objective, but only because your brakes are defective.
Q: Why did the WASP cross the road? A: To get to the middle.
Don't read everything you believe.
Q: What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand? A: Not enough sand.
"Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none." -- Shakespeare
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year. Take an elephant to lunch.
Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.
So this is it. We're going to die.
Fine day for friends. So-so day for you.
Q: Why did the astrophysicist order three hamburgers? A: Because he was hungry.
You learn to write as if to someone else because NEXT YEAR YOU WILL BE "SOMEONE ELSE."
You will be divorced within a year.
If you stand on your head, you will get footprints in your hair.
You have taken yourself too seriously.
"... an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and often quite often picturesque liar." -- Mark Twain
Be free and open and breezy! Enjoy! Things won't get any better so get used to it.
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
Something's rotten in the state of Denmark. -- Shakespeare
You prefer the company of the opposite sex, but are well liked by your own.
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind. -- Wm. Shakespeare
It is so very hard to be an on-your-own-take-care-of-yourself-because-there-is-no-one-else-to-do-it-for-you grown-up.
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
If you sow your wild oats, hope for a crop failure.
What good is an obscenity trial except to popularize literature? -- Nero Wolfe, "The League of Frightened Men"
You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.
You'd like to do it instantaneously, but that's too slow.
An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.
Q: Why should you always serve a Southern Carolina football man soup in a plate? A: 'Cause if you give him a bowl, he'll throw it away.
You will get what you deserve.
This life is yours. Some of it was given to you; the rest, you made yourself.
Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why. -- Hunter S. Thompson
Time to be aggressive. Go after a tattooed Virgo.
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
You worry too much about your job. Stop it. You are not paid enough to worry.
Stay away from flying saucers today.
Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself. -- Mark Twain
Chicken Little only has to be right once.
Never commit yourself! Let someone else commit you.
It's a very *__UN*lucky week in which to be took dead. -- Churchy La Femme
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient. Don't believe a thing he tells you.
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
In the Spring, I have counted 136 different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours. -- Mark Twain, on New England weather
Beware of a tall black man with one blond shoe.
Avoid reality at all costs.
Your reasoning is excellent -- it's only your basic assumptions that are wrong.
Your aim is high and to the right.
Questionable day. Ask somebody something.
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose. -- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
Q: How do you stop an elephant from charging? A: Take away his credit cards.
You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.
O, what a tangled web we weave, When first we practice to deceive. -- Sir Walter Scott, "Marmion"
Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
Q: Why did the tachyon cross the road? A: Because it was on the other side.
Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of paper until drops of blood form on your forehead. -- Gene Fowler
You will triumph over your enemy.
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
You're a card which will have to be dealt with.
Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time to reform. -- Mark Twain
My only love sprung from my only hate! Too early seen unknown, and known too late! -- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.
Your temporary financial embarrassment will be relieved in a surprising manner.
Q: Why did the chicken cross the road? A: He was giving it last rites.
You may be recognized soon. Hide.
You look like a million dollars. All green and wrinkled.
How apt the poor are to be proud. -- William Shakespeare, "Twelfth-Night"
You can create your own opportunities this week. Blackmail a senior executive.
I fell asleep reading a dull book, and I dreamt that I was reading on, so I woke up from sheer boredom.
Q: Why is Christmas just like a day at the office? A: You do all of the work and the fat guy in the suit gets all the credit.
If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it. -- Ernest Hemingway
Q: What do Winnie the Pooh and John the Baptist have in common? A: The same middle name.
You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.
Things past redress and now with me past care. -- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"
You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
Q: What do you call a half-dozen Indians with Asian flu? A: Six sick Sikhs (sic).
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write. -- Saul Bellow
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
... A solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity. -- Mark Twain
Q: How did you get into artificial intelligence? A: Seemed logical -- I didn't have any real intelligence.
Love is in the offing. Be affectionate to one who adores you.
You need no longer worry about the future. This time tomorrow you'll be dead.
You will be awarded some great honor.
Q: What is printed on the bottom of beer bottles in Minnesota? A: Open other end.
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
Q: What's the difference between Bell Labs and the Boy Scouts of America? A: The Boy Scouts have adult supervision.
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
Q: Why is it that Mexico isn't sending anyone to the '84 summer games? A: Anyone in Mexico who can run, swim or jump is already in LA.
Your step will soil many countries.
You will soon forget this.
It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech. -- Mark Twain
Your object is to save the world, while still leading a pleasant life.
You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far. Especially if they are dead.
Good day to let down old friends who need help.
Just to have it is enough.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #19 A: To be or not to be. Q: What is the square root of 4b^2?
A horse! A horse! My kingdom for a horse! -- Wm. Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
You can do very well in speculation where land or anything to do with dirt is concerned.
Don't read any sky-writing for the next two weeks.
Q: What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night? A: Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog.
Anyone who has had a bull by the tail knows five or six more things than someone who hasn't. -- Mark Twain
Wagner's music is better than it sounds. -- Mark Twain
I dote on his very absence. -- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
Your business will assume vast proportions.
You now have Asian Flu.
Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.
Have a place for everything and keep the thing somewhere else; this is not advice, it is merely custom. -- Mark Twain
Q: What do you say to a New Yorker with a job? A: Big Mac, fries and a Coke, please!
All things that are, are with more spirit chased than enjoyed. -- Shakespeare, "Merchant of Venice"
A is for Apple. -- Hester Pryne
After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!
Long life is in store for you.
You'll never be the man your mother was!
You work very hard. Don't try to think as well.
Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
Many pages make a thick book.
The difference between a Miracle and a Fact is exactly the difference between a mermaid and a seal. -- Mark Twain
Q: What do monsters eat? A: Things. Q: What do monsters drink? A: Coke. (Because Things go better with Coke.)
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.
So so is good, very good, very excellent good: and yet it is not; it is but so so. -- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"
Hell is empty and all the devils are here. -- Wm. Shakespeare, "The Tempest"
If your life was a horse, you'd have to shoot it.
Q: Why did Menachem Begin invade Lebanon? A: To impress Jodie Foster.
You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.
Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.
Your boss climbed the corporate ladder, wrong by wrong.
Fame is a vapor; popularity an accident; the only earthly certainty is oblivion. -- Mark Twain
Your motives for doing whatever good deed you may have in mind will be misinterpreted by somebody.
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
You will be successful in love.
Be cautious in your daily affairs.
Q: What is orange and goes "click, click?" A: A ball point carrot.
Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.
When you are about to die, a wombat is better than no company at all. -- Roger Zelazny, "Doorways in the Sand"
This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.
Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.
You will be held hostage by a radical group.
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
Chess tonight.
Q: What do you call 15 blondes in a circle? A: A dope ring. Q: Why do blondes put their hair in ponytails? A: To cover up the valve stem.
Tonight you will pay the wages of sin; Don't forget to leave a tip.
Q: What's a light-year? A: One-third less calories than a regular year.
You have an unusual equipment for success. Be sure to use it properly.
You will live to see your grandchildren.
He draweth out the thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his argument. -- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Don't get to bragging.
Slow day. Practice crawling.
When angry, count four; when very angry, swear. -- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
Let me take you a button-hole lower. -- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Q: What lies on the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A: A nervous wreck.
O, it is excellent To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous To use it like a giant. -- Shakespeare, "Measure for Measure", II, 2
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of new developments.
Do not overtax your powers.
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits. -- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
Q: What's the difference between a dead dog in the road and a dead lawyer in the road? A: There are skid marks in front of the dog.
You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
Q: How much does it cost to ride the Unibus? A: 2 bits.
You will have long and healthy life.