A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon. Buy the negatives at any price.
A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
Accent on helpful side of your nature. Drain the moat.
An exotic journey in downtown Newark is in your future.
Are you a turtle?
Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.
Be careful! UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!
Be different: conform.
Be security conscious — National defense is at stake.
Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
Caution: Keep out of reach of children.
Cheer Up! Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
Cold hands, no gloves.
Courage is your greatest present need.
Don't feed the bats tonight.
Don't let your mind wander — it's too little to be let out alone.
Don't plan any hasty moves. You'll be evicted soon anyway.
Don't Worry, Be Happy. -- Meher Baba
Fine day to work off excess energy. Steal something heavy.
Fortune: You will be attacked next Wednesday at 3:15 p.m. by six samurai sword wielding purple fish glued to Harley-Davidson motorcycles. Oh, and have a nice day! -- Bryce Nesbitt '84
Give your very best today. Heaven knows it's little enough.
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
Good night to spend with family, but avoid arguments with your mate's new lover.
Green light in A.M. for new projects. Red light in P.M. for traffic tickets.
It's a very unlucky week in which to be took dead. -- Churchy La Femme
Just because the message may never be received does not mean it is not worth sending.
Learn to pause — or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.
Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.
“Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it.” -- Marvin, “Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy”
Never give an inch!
Next Friday will not be your lucky day. As a matter of fact, you don't have a lucky day this year.
People are beginning to notice you. Try dressing before you leave the house.
Reply hazy, ask again later.
Snow Day — stay home.
How unusual!
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
Things will be bright in P.M. A cop will shine a light in your face.
Think twice before speaking, but don't say “think think click click”.
This will be a memorable month — no matter how hard you try to forget it.
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Tomorrow, this will be part of the unchangeable past but fortunately, it can still be changed today.
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.
Tuesday is the Wednesday of the rest of your life.
You are as I am with You.
You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
You are destined to become the commandant of the fighting men of the department of transportation.
You are number 6! Who is number one?
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward. Therefore you have few friends.
You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
You have a strong appeal for members of your own sex.
You have many friends and very few living enemies.
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes. You'll learn a lot today.
You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
You may be gone tomorrow, but that doesn't mean that you weren't here today.
You may get an opportunity for advancement today. Watch it!
You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.
You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.
You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
You will be misunderstood by everyone.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
You will be run over by a bus.
You will be singled out for promotion in your work.
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
You will gain money by a fattening action.
You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.
You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.
You will outgrow your usefulness.
You will pass away very quickly.
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
You will wish you hadn't.
You'll be called to a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
You'll be sorry...
You'll feel much better once you've given up hope.
You're being followed. Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now).
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
Your lucky color has faded.
Your lucky number is 3552664958674928. Watch for it everywhere.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
Your own qualities will help prevent your advancement in the world.
Your reasoning is excellent — it's only your basic assumptions that are wrong.